The case for early use of rapid whole-genome sequencing in management of critically ill infants: late diagnosis of Coffin–Siris syndrome in an infant with left congenital diaphragmatic hernia, congenital heart disease, and recurrent infections. Congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH) results from incomplete formation of the diaphragm leading to herniation of abdominal organs into the thoracic cavity. CDH is associated with pulmonary hypoplasia, congenital heart disease, and pulmonary hypertension. Genetically, it is associated with aneuploidies, chromosomal copy-number variants, and single gene mutations. CDH is the most expensive noncardiac congenital defect. Management frequently requires implementation of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), which increases management expenditures 2.4–3.5-fold. The cost of management of CDH has been estimated to exceed $250 million per year. Despite in-hospital survival of 80%–90%, current management is imperfect, as a great proportion of surviving children have long-term functional deficits. We report the case of a premature infant prenatally diagnosed with CDH and congenital heart disease, who had a protracted and complicated course in the intensive care unit with multiple surgical interventions, including postcardiac surgery ECMO, gastrostomy tube placement with Nissen fundoplication, tracheostomy for respiratory failure, recurrent infections, and developmental delay. Rapid whole-genome sequencing (rWGS) identified a de novo, likely pathogenic, c.3096_ 3100delCAAAG (p.Lys1033Argfs*32) variant in ARID1B, providing a diagnosis of Coffin–Siris syndrome. Her parents elected palliative care and she died later that day. Keywords: anteverted nares, aplasia/hypoplasia of the corpus callosum, central hypotonia, congenital diaphragmatic hernia, congenital mitral stenosis, failure to thrive in infancy, frontal hirsutism, malrotation of small bowel, moderate global developmental delay, perimembranous ventricular septal defect, postductal coarctation of the aorta, recurrent respiratory infections. The patient was a 7-mo-old girl, product of a diamniotic–dichorionic twin pregnancy, and born at 34 wk gestation. She was small for gestational age, with a birth weight of 1.49 kg (<3rd percentile). She was prenatally diagnosed with left congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH), aortic arch hypoplasia, small left-sided cardiac structures, and ventricular septal defect. Genetic amniocentesis documented a normal, 46, XX karyotype and normal chromosomal microarray. The family was counseled as to a poor likelihood for survival based on a heart–lung ratio of 0.86, but elected to carry the twin pregnancy. She required significant respiratory and inotropic support postbirth but was able to undergo CDH repair on day of life (DOL) 5. At 3 mo of age she underwent aortic arch hypoplasia repair with ventricular septal defect closure. Her postoperative course was complicated by arrhythmias and acute hypotension leading to venoarterial (VA)-ECMO cannulation on postoperative day 1 (POD1). She was decannulated on POD4 and underwent delayed sternal closure on POD6. Her hospitalization was further complicated by eight culture-positive respiratory infections with Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria between her second week of life and death at 8 mo of age. She received multiple courses of antibiotics for suspected infection. She had feeding intolerance and underwent a Nissen Gastrostomy tube placement at 4 mo of age. Genetics consultation at 5 mo of age documented a delayed, dysmorphic, and hirsute infant with unusual penciled eyebrows, a medial eyebrow flare, anteverted nares, and posteriorly rotated ears, but well developed nails with no distal phalangeal hypoplasia (Table 1). A specific pattern of malformation was not recognized. A postnatal microarray was normal. Exome sequencing was suggested, but the funding was not approved. At 6 mo of age she underwent exploratory laparotomy for lysis of adhesions in the setting of a small bowel obstruction. There was no bowel loss. She was reintubated at 7 mo of age for respiratory failure. At that time she also developed atrial flutter requiring medical cardioversion with sotalol. She failed a trial of extubation and underwent a tracheostomy for procurement of a more stable airway. Sotalol was discontinued after 9 d of treatment in the setting of high-grade atrioventricular block. She had chronic lung disease (CLD), iatrogenic neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS), persistent electrolyte derangements, and refractory metabolic alkalosis on diuretic therapy. The option for palliative care was presented on multiple occasions during the patient's hospitalization. Parental consensus on a decision could never be reached as one of the parents held out hope that advancements in technology would address most of the patient's health concerns in the absence of a confirmed diagnosis. Soon after referral for rapid whole-genome sequencing (rWGS), she developed another episode of respiratory failure requiring oscillatory ventilation. At the time of rWGS diagnosis she was found to be in septic shock requiring inotropic support with multiple agents. After meeting with genetic specialists to discuss the diagnosis and prognosis, the family opted for withdrawal of life support given the patient's critical condition and the fact that the underlying genetic condition could not be cured. The patient had an unaffected 7-yr-old brother and an unaffected twin brother. Her parents were both healthy. Her mother, age 37, identified as Hispanic and her father, age 42, as Caucasian Italian. Her mother had a history of a miscarriage at 3 mo gestation prior to this twin pregnancy. There was a maternal female cousin born with tricuspid atresia, who had required at least four surgeries. The patient had a normal newborn screen, normal female karyotype (prenatal testing), and a normal female chromosomal microarray both prenatally (ARUP) and postnatally (Quest Diagnostics). rWGS became available during her seventh month of life. One day after consent for trio rWGS, DNA was extracted and sequenced using an Illumina HiSeq X (Hudson Alpha) with paired 151-nt reads. The average library insert size was 369 nt for proband. Sequencing was completed 7 d after consent. Rapid alignment and nucleotide-variant calling was performed using the Dragen (Edico Genome) hardware and software (Miller et al. 2005). Yield was 195.5 Gb for the proband with a median coverage of 52× (51× coverage for genes annotated in Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man, OMIM) resulting in 4,945,287 distinct variant calls (4,059,083 single-nucleotide variants [SNVs], 886,204 small insertion deletion variants [indels], 27,343 coding domain [CD] variants, with a Ti/Tv ratio of 2.04) (Supplemental Table S1). Variants were automatically annotated and analyzed in Opal Clinical (Omicia) (Coonrod et al. 2013). Initially, variants were filtered to retain those with allele frequencies of <1% in the Exome Variant Server, 1000 Genomes Samples, and Exome Aggregation Consortium database (http://evs.gs.washington.edu/EVS/ 2016; Karczewski et al. 2016). A differential diagnostic gene list was built in Phenolyzer (Yang et al. 2015) using the Human Phenotype Ontology (HPO) (Kohler et al. 2017) and Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine-Clinical Terms (SNOMED-CT [SNOMED 2016]) codes: Small for Gestational Age (HP:0001511), Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia (HP:0000776), Congenital Heart Disease (HP:0030680), Coarctation of the Aorta (HP:0001680), Perimembranous Ventricular Septal Defect (HP:0011682), Mitral Stenosis (HP:0011570), Malrotation (HP:0002566), Failure to Thrive (HP:0001531), Hypoplasia of Corpus Callosum (HP:0002079), Asymmetric Hippocampal Bodies (L smaller than R), Dysmorphic Facial Features (HP:0001999), Long Eyelashes (HP:0000527), Flared Eyebrows (HP:0011229), Frontal Hirsutism (Hairy Forehead, HP:0011335), Anteverted Nose (HP:0000463), Low Nasal Bridge (HP:0005280), Hypotonia (HP:0008947), Thin Sparse Hair (HP:0008070), Developmental Delay (HP:0002194), and Frequent Respiratory Infections (HP:0002205), yielding 1678 genes. Variants were further filtered to retain those mapping to these 1678 genes using the differential diagnostic gene list built in Phenolyzer, yielding three variants of interest. Variants were assessed in accordance with ACMG variant classification criteria (Richards et al. 2015). Two variants were classified as variants of uncertain significance: c.422A>C (p.Glu141Ala) in NDUFAF4, and c.685_686insCGC (p.Gln228_Gln229insPro) in SMARCA2. The ARID1B p.Lys1033Argfs*32 was classified as likely pathogenic (Supplemental Table S2) and was confirmed by Sanger Sequencing. Interpretation of the rWGS results for this patient determined a de novo alteration in the AT-rich DNA interacting domain-containing protein 1B (ARID1B) gene, c.3096_3100delCAAAG (p.Lys1033ArgfsTer32), following genetic analysis of proband and both parents (Table 2). ARID1B is a component of a chromatin remodeling complex involved in cell cycle activation and is one of the genes that cause Coffin–Siris syndrome (CSS). CSS is a multisystem disease associated with congenital anomalies (congenital diaphragmatic hernia, spinal anomalies, and congenital heart defects), dysmorphic features, recurrent infections, and developmental delay. The prevalence of CSS has been estimated at <1:100,000. Multiple genes have been implicated in this syndrome including ARID1A, ARID1B, SMARCA2, SMARCA4, SMARCB1, and SMARCE1 (Tsurusaki et al. 2012). Inheritance is autosomal dominant. The major features of CSS are intellectual disability, speech delay, coarse facies, and hypertrichosis. Prevalent features are hypoplasia of the fifth digits/nails of hand/feet, feeding difficulties, and agenesis of the corpus callosum. Other more variable features include poor overall growth, craniofacial abnormalities, congenital diaphragmatic hernia, spinal anomalies, and congenital heart defects (Santen et al. 2014). The classic phenotype of CSS with hypoplastic distal phalanges and nails of the fifth fingers, the most distinct and objective of the classic features of CSS, is not always seen. As with many other conditions, the identification of the molecular basis of a specific condition has led to the expansion of the clinical phenotype, and features such as hypertrichosis, hypoplastic nails, or obvious coarse facial features have been found to be more subtle or absent in many cases. Others, such as hyperkeratosis, have only been recently recognized (Zweier et al. 2017). More importantly, ARID1B is now recognized as one of the most frequent genes causing nonsyndromic intellectual disability (Santen et al. 2014). The c.3096_3100delCAAAG (p.Lys1033ArgfsTer32) in ARID1B is a novel frameshift alteration leading to a premature termination codon. This deletion was not found in the 1000 Genomes, Exome Variant Server (EVS), or ExAC databases. Thus, it is presumed to be rare. Although this particular variant has not been reported in the literature, pathogenic alterations similar to this one have been reported (Hoyer et al. 2012). Based on the combined evidence, this variant is classified as likely pathogenic for CSS. The incidence of CDH is 1 in 2000–5000 births (Chen et al. 2007a), and it comprises 8% of all birth defects (Yu et al. 2015). It is the cause of 1%–2% of infant mortalities. CDH is caused by the incomplete formation of the diaphragm around the fourth to eighth week of gestation. Greater than 95% form posterior lateral (Bochdaleck) and ∼2% are anterior retrosternal or parasternal. Eighty-five percent of CDHs are on the left side of the body. Forty percent of CDH cases are associated with at least one additional anomaly like pulmonary hypoplasia, congenital heart disease, pulmonary hypertension, or other genetic anomalies (Yu et al. 2015). More than 50 different genetic syndromes have been associated with CDH, ranging from aneuploidies (trisomy 18 is seen in 1%–2% of CDH), copy-number variations (tetrasomy 12p, 8p23.1 deletion, 15q26.1 deletion, 1q41-42 deletion, 8q23.1 deletion, 4p16 deletion, 11q23.2 deletion) (Wynn et al. 2014; Stark et al. 2015), autosomal dominant disorders (WT1-opathies, Cornelia de Lange syndrome, Marfan syndrome, Kabuki syndrome), autosomal recessive disorders (Fryns syndrome), and X-linked disorders (craniofrontonasal syndrome, Simpson–Golabi–Behmel, focal dermal hypoplasia). Nonsyndromic single gene mutations (GATA4, ZFPM2/FOG2, DIPS1) have also been reported. The causes of 80% of CDH cases are still unknown and are thought to be multifactorial (Wynn et al. 2014), although some genetic cases may not be detected by current testing strategies. CDH is associated with a high rate of functional impairment. In a cross-sectional study of CDH repair survivors at Boston Children's Hospital, it was found that 66% had major medical issues at discharge, whereas 48% still had a current clinical problem on follow-up around 8 yr of age (Chen et al. 2007a). Neonatal predictors of ongoing medical morbidity were prior ECMO use, presence of cardiac disease, and associated genetic abnormalities. Medical problems reported were related to vision, hearing, muscle weakness, speech, behavior, learning, eating, and breathing (Chen et al. 2007b). CDH is the most expensive noncardiac congenital anomaly. Based on the analysis of data obtained from approximately 200 hospitals in the United States (KID database; https://www.hcup-us.ahrq.gov/kidoverview.jsp) from 1997 to 2006, it is estimated that the national cost for management of surviving CDH patients is ∼$158 million/yr. The national cost for management of all CDH patients (including the ones who do not survive to discharge) is >$250 million/yr. ECMO support is associated with a 2.4–3.5-fold increase in expenditure (Raval et al. 2011). Figure 1 shows the cumulative hospital costs at the time of the patient's death, which were >$1.8 million. The cost of rWGS at the time was $8482 for a singleton and $17,579 for a trio. The average cost of commercial WES including analysis is estimated at $4000. At our institution WES is usually performed outpatient with a turnaround time of 6–8 wk because this test is not covered while inpatient. Hospital cost for taking care of this child if she were referred to us on DOL0, assuming a rWGS diagnosis on DOL14 (the results for this patient were available by day 7 of enrollment) and time of death of 6 d following approach of the family for withdrawal of life support (W/LS), would have been a little more than $115,000. Literature review shows that the time from approach of families for W/LS to the child's death can range anywhere from 2–6 d depending on whether the patient is in the United States or Europe (Keenan et al. 1997; Garros et al. 2003; Devictor et al. 2008). The cost if referred on DOL4 would have been a little more than $130,000. If we are willing to spend more than $1.8 million attempting to improve the quality of life of these critically ill children, this case demonstrates that the cost of genomic sequencing should not be prohibitive to its implementation in their care. CDH is the most expensive noncardiac congenital anomaly and is associated with significant long-term functional impairment. Genetic testing should be pursued early in the management of infants with CDH given myriad potential genetic etiologies. In this case rWGS allowed identification of a single gene disorder with long-term implications for outcome that assisted in the management of the patient. For this particular patient earlier diagnosis may have shortened the clinical course, obviating suffering for the patient and family and reducing expenditures for the health-care system.
Nonsyndromic intellectual disability with novel heterozygous SCN2A mutation and epilepsy. SCN2A mutations are primarily associated with a variety of epilepsy syndromes. Recently, SCN2A has been reported as a gene responsible for nonsyndromic intellectual disability or autism spectrum disorders. Here, we present a case of a 12-year-old girl with nonsyndromic intellectual disability who exhibited a heterozygous de novo missense mutation in SCN2A. She developed seizures during the course of illness. This case suggests that the phenotype of patients with heterozygous SCN2A mutations can be variable. The sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 2 (SCN2A) gene is mainly and highly expressed in the brain. Many heterozygous variants of SCN2A are associated with a variety of human epilepsy syndromes. Many are benign syndromes such as benign familial neonatal-infantile seizures (BFNIS), benign familial infantile seizures (BFIS), generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus (GEFS+), and intractable childhood epilepsy. Furthermore, SCN2A is occasionally responsible for Dravet syndrome, which is a rare and malignant epilepsy syndrome, usually developing in the first year of life. Dravet syndrome is now used as a disease entity, which includes severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy (SMEI) and its borderline phenotype (SMEB). The functional consequences of mutant sodium channels range from loss to gain of function. SCN2A mutations associated with intractable epilepsy alter the channel properties of the sodium channel, voltage-gated, type II (Nav1.2) to a greater extent than BFNIS mutations do, suggesting a mechanism for more severe epileptic phenotypes. However, other phenotype–genotype correlations are unknown for SCN2A mutations. Moreover, SCN2A appears to be one of the major genes in which mutations are detected in nonsyndromic intellectual disability (ID) or autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) by whole-exome sequencing. Herein, we present a case of an atypical patient with nonsyndromic ID and with a heterozygous missense mutation detected by clinical exome sequencing. Although the patient was assumed to have nonsyndromic ID only, she developed seizures during the course of her illness. The patient was a 12-year-old Japanese girl born to nonconsanguineous healthy parents, with no family history of the disease. The pregnancy was uneventful. The girl was born at 39 weeks of gestation with a birth weight of 2868 g, length of 49 cm, and head circumference of 33 cm. Her motor development milestones were within the normal limit. However, it was noted that she spoke no words and was not able to point to an object at one and a half years old, and consequently, she was referred to our hospital. Examinations including brain MRI did not determine the cause of her developmental delay. She was developing slowly, never showed any progressive symptoms, and was followed up as a case of nonsyndromic ID of unknown cause. She began to speak single meaningful words at the age of 5 years. Her height, weight, and head circumference were appropriate for her age. She could speak two-word sentences but often repeated words or phrases. Electroencephalogy (EEG) showed spike bursts in the bilateral parietal/occipital region since one and a half years old. However, she had no seizures, nor did she have any other symptoms, dysmorphic appearance, or complications. Her intelligence quotient was 36–50. Karyotyping and microarray comparative genomic hybridization found no pathogenic variants. She developed absence seizures and began taking valproic acid, which controlled the seizures, at the age of 12. Written informed consent was obtained from the parents of the patient in accordance with the requirements of the Kanagawa Children’s Medical Center Review Board and Ethics Committee. Total genomic DNA was obtained from lymphocytes using the QIAamp DNA blood mini kit (Qiagen, Valencia, CA, USA), following the manufacturer’s instructions. DNA libraries were enriched for sequences using the TruSight One sequencing panel kit (Illumina, Inc., San Diego, CA, USA), which enables enrichment and final analysis of a panel of 4813 genes. Patient samples were sequenced using the MiSeq platform (Illumina, Inc.), with 150-bp pair-end reads. Data were analyzed by the Burrows-Wheeler alignment tool and the Genome Analysis Toolkit pipeline (Broad Institute, Cambridge, MA, USA) and visualized in the Integrative Genomics Viewer (IGV). Calling copy number variation (CNV) was based on log-ratio analysis and read depth (z-score) of each exon. Mutations identified by targeted sequencing were confirmed by Sanger sequencing, and appropriate segregation was demonstrated by the phenotype in the unaffected parents. Targeted sequencing identified a novel SCN2A mutation in the patient. The mutation, c.4378G>C: p.G1460R (NM_021007.2), was in the coding region of exon 23. The mutation was absent in a human genetic variation database (the Japanese Genetic Variation Consortium: a reference database of genetic variations in the Japanese population, comprising 1208 individuals [http://www.genome.med.kyoto-u.ac.jp/SnpDB]), the 1000 Genomes project, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) grant opportunity exome sequencing project (ESP), Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC), and in our 600 in-house control Japanese genomic samples. In silico analysis according to ANNOVAR, with predictions for c.4378G>C (p. G1460R), indicated a deleterious effect by SIFT (http://sift.jcvi.org/), Polyphen-2 (http://genetics.bwh.harvard.edu/pph2/), and MutationTaster (http://neurocore.charite.de/MutationTaster/). Sanger sequencing demonstrated that the mutation was de novo. This patient showed a novel phenotype for heterozygous SCN2A mutations. SCN2A mutations are mainly responsible for various types of epilepsy syndrome, most of which are benign. Additionally, SCN2A mutations are rated second among gene mutations in nonsyndromic ID patients or ASD patients6. Both nonsyndromic ID and ASD are development-related diseases and sometimes overlap. Because there are few clinical descriptions of each case of these diseases, it is difficult to distinguish between them. A few cases with dysmorphic features and/or brain anomalies have been reported7,8. There were 221 pathogenic mutations registered as of April 2017 in the Human Genome Mutation Database (http://www.hgmd.cf.ac.uk), which were randomly distributed across the entire SCN2A gene. Of these mutations, most variants (181/221) were missense mutations. Missense mutations tend to lead to seizure development (Fig. 2a, b). The mutations causing nonsyndromic ID or ASD are variable (Fig. 2c). There is a tendency for nonsense mutations, splicing mutations, small insertions/deletions, and gross deletions to be responsible for nonsyndromic ID or ASD. However, regarding nonsyndromic ID or ASD and epilepsy, the genotype–phenotype correlation is still unclear. Although there are several cases of ID or ASD patients with heterozygous SCN2A mutations who also have seizures, little has been reported on the detailed clinical course9,10. At least, they have had seizures since the infantile period. The clinical course of our patient may represent a novel distinct phenotype of heterozygous SCN2A mutation syndrome. Further studies will identify the characteristic features of this phenotype. From a clinical standpoint, when managing nonepileptic ID or ASD patients with SCN2A mutations, clinicians should be aware of the possibility of seizure development. Genetic diagnosis may be useful to choose an antiepileptic medication. Furthermore, EEG must be performed regularly. As mentioned above, the genotype–phenotype correlation is not completely established. There are some reports that mention a correlation between mutated genes and antiepileptic drugs3,11. Further study can evaluate and predict the prognosis and the ratio of epilepsy in patients with SCN2A mutations. In conclusion, we present a case of a nonsyndromic ID patient with a de novo heterozygous missense mutation in the SCN2A gene who developed seizures. This case suggests that nonsyndromic ID or ASD patients with SCN2A mutations are likely to develop seizures. This patient exhibited a novel phenotype for heterozygous SCN2A variants, and the case provides novel insights into the genotype–phenotype correlation for SCN2A variants. Further study is required.
Heterozygous deletion of SCN2A and SCN3A in a patient with autism spectrum disorder and Tourette syndrome: a case report. Mutations in voltage-gated sodium channel (SCN) genes are supposed to be of importance in the etiology of psychiatric and neurological diseases, in particular in the etiology of seizures. Previous studies report a potential susceptibility region at the chromosomal locus 2q including SCN1A, SCN2A and SCN3A genes for autism spectrum disorder (ASD). To date, there is no previous description of a patient with comorbid ASD and Tourette syndrome showing a deletion containing SCN2A and SCN3A. We present the unique complex case of a 28-year-old male patient suffering from developmental retardation and exhibiting a range of behavioral traits since birth. He received the diagnoses of ASD (in early childhood) and of Tourette syndrome (in adulthood) according to ICD-10 and DSM-5 criteria. Investigations of underlying genetic factors yielded a heterozygous microdeletion of approximately 719 kb at 2q24.3 leading to a deletion encompassing the five genes SCN2A (exon 1 to intron 14–15), SCN3A, GRB14 (exon 1 to intron 2–3), COBLL1 and SCL38A11. We discuss the association of SCN2A, SCN3A, GRB14, COBLL1 and SCL38A11 deletions with ASD and Tourette syndrome and possible implications for treatment. Keywords: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD), Tourette syndrome, SCN2A, SCN3A. Mutations in neuronal voltage gated sodium channel genes such as SCN1A, SCN2A and SCN3A are supposed to play an important role in psychiatric disorders and neurological diseases [1]. These three sodium channel genes encoding distinct α-subunit isoforms are clustered within 600 kB on chromosome 2q24 and are highly expressed in neurons and glia throughout the central and peripheral nervous system [2, 3]. Genome-wide scan studies for autism susceptibility genes reported a potential susceptibility region at locus 2q including SCN1A, SCN2A and SCN3A genes [4, 5]. Dravet-Syndrome (DS) is a childhood disorder associated with mainly loss-of-function mutations in the SCN1A gene. It is characterized by frequent seizures and devastating effects on cognitive and behavioural development, persisting into adulthood [6]. While approximately 70–80% of DS patients show mutations in SCN1A, some patients have variants in other genes including SCN2A [7]. Mutations of the SCN2A gene have also been reported in patients with autism [8] as well as with benign familial infantile seizures, intractable epilepsy, infantile spasms and severe myoclonic epilepsy of infancy [9–12]. Previous investigations mainly led to case reports with deletions on chromosome 2q24 being associated with seizures complicated by neurobehavioral comorbidities such as cognitive impairment, psychiatric disorders and social problems [13–15]. To date, there are only two published cases with deletions on chromosome 2q24 displaying a phenotype with autistic features and developmental delay, but no seizures: Celle et al. [2] described the case of a 3-year old boy presenting with autistic features, language delay, microcephaly and no history of seizures. He had an interstitial deletion of ~ 291.9 kb at band 2q24.3 with loss of the entire SCN2A gene and part of the SCN3A gene. Another case report described a 3 years and 4 months old girl with autistic features, developmental delay, mental retardation, language impairment and dysmorphic features, who carried a 2.8 Mb de novo deletion on chromosome 2q24.2 containing nine genes including SCN2A2, SCN3A, GRB14 and COBLL1 as well as LOC643397, FLJ39822, LOC643405, FIGN and TAIP-2 [16]. Until now, there is no description of a patient with SCN gene mutations and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) with additional symptoms of Tourette syndrome. We present the unique case of a 28-year-old male patient displaying a complex clinical picture with mental retardation and various behavioural problems since birth. Symptoms of the autism spectrum comprising difficulties in social interaction and communication are reported since childhood. Additionally, he suffers from auto-aggressive tics in terms of beating himself with objects against his head and lower jaw, head movement tics and simple vocal tics. Striking dysmorphic features are not evident. Except a one-time bleeding in week 20 of gestation, pregnancy had been without any complications. No infections, medication, smoking, or intake of alcohol or drugs during pregnancy was reported. The patient was delivered in week 40 of gestation with the help of a ventouse due to irregular cardiac activity. During delivery there were minor signs of birth asphyxia. Birth weight was 2.900 g (25th percentile), birth length 51 cm (50th percentile) and head circumference 33 cm (<3rd percentile). During infancy a prominent frontal fissure was conspicuous. A premature ossification of the sagittal fissure could not be detected. The patient showed psychomotor retardation: he walked alone only by 26 months and was not able to sit alone falling over to one side without shoring up even at the age of 2. Furthermore, tics in terms of eye blinking as well as a muscular hypotonia were described. The patient’s parents reported early autistic features such as difficulties in social communication and interaction with avoiding eye contact and poor interest in social interaction. Development of speech was delayed (first words with 18 months). He refused body contact and demonstrated stereotypic patterns of behaviour such as filling bowls without showing any variations. When examined at the age of 27 months, the patient presented some special facial features such as synophrys, epicanthus, modelled ears, a deep joined thumb and microcephaly. His weight was 10 kg (3rd percentile), his length 88 cm (25th percentile) and his head circumference 46 cm (2 cm above the 3rd percentile). The patient only spoke a few words and never a whole sentence. Mostly, he only repeated the words he had heard before in terms of an echolalia. A considerable general delay of development with severe perceptual disturbance and autistic traits was diagnosed. Since the age of two years, the patient shows relevant aggressive symptoms such as throwing his head on the floor or biting into items. He needs extensive support concerning all activities of daily living and requires constant daily routines. During nursery school, auto-aggressive symptoms exacerbated in terms of head banging behaviour injuring his jaw and ears. At the age of 3 years, he started grinding his teeth. Later on, he presented head throwing movements against his left shoulder and banging of one row of his teeth against the other. There was a pattern of aggravation of the tic symptoms during stressful situations. He repeatedly showed refusal of meals and sleeping disturbances. At the age of 3 years, once there was a query febrile convulsion associated with an infection. Apart from that, there was no evidence for further seizures and clearly no epilepsy. According to ICD-10 and DSM-5 classification, the clinical features of the patient are consistent with early infantile autism as well as with Tourette syndrome. In the clinical examination, the patient presented with cauliflower-ears as a result of his head banging behaviour and subsequent repetitive ear injuries as well as various injuries of all kinds and healing stages. Dysmorphic features or additional external malformations were not noted, there was no evidence of internal abnormalities (heart, eye, inner ear) either. The patient showed a preserved ability of speech comprehension with rare speech production. Conventional R-banded karyotyping of the patient was performed according to standard protocols with a resolution of approximately 500 bphs and revealed a structurally and numerically normal male karyotype (46,XY) in all 21 metaphases examined. Furthermore, the genomic DNA of the patient was examined by microarray-analysis (CytoSureTM Constitutional v3 Array 180 k, OGT (Oxford Gene Technology)) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. After hybridization, the array was scanned with the SureScan Microarray scanner (Agilent), the results were analyzed using CytoSure interpret software v.4.9 (OGT) against the Genome Reference Consortium human genome GRCh37 (hg19). Molecular karyotyping revealed a heterozygous deletion of approximately 719 kb (267 contiguous oligonucleotides) out of the chromosomal region 2q24.3 (karyotype according to ISCN (International System for Human Cytogenetic Nomenclature) (2016): arr[GRCh37] 2q24.3(165471418_166190427)× 1). The deletion encompasses the five genes GRB14 (exon 1 to intron 2–3), COBLL1, SLC38A11, SCN3A and SCN2A (exon 1 to intron 14–15) listed in OMIM (Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man) (Fig. ​(Fig.1).1). With FISH (fluorescence in situ hybridization) analysis using probe RP11-150F4 (Empire Genomics) located at 2q24.3 the deletion could be confirmed. There is no evidence in literature that the microdeletion we detected is a common variant in the Caucasian population [17, 18]. “Orphanet” states a prevalence rate of a 2q24 microdeletion < 1/1000000 (worldwide) (https://www.orpha.net/data/patho/GB/uk-2q24.pdf). The subsequently performed chromosome analysis of the parents, FISH with RP11-150F4 included, showed a normal female karyotype in the mother and a normal male karyotype in the father with no evidence of a deletion or rearrangement at 2q24.3. Therefore, it can be asserted that the deletion in the patient is a de novo mutation. The patient’s younger brother (suffering from Asperger syndrome) was shown to have a normal male karyotype without a deletion or rearrangement at 2q24.3. Magnetic resonance imaging conducted in 2014 showed no abnormalities of the patient’s brain. In 1991, a detailed investigation was performed with a metabolic screening of serum, urine and cerebrospinal fluid revealing normal results. In the EEG, there was a slow baseline activity without any epilepsy suspicious potentials. A proton-spectroscopy showed no abnormalities of N-acetyl-aspartate, choline and phosphor-creatinine levels. An ophthalmologic investigation exhibited no deviations. In 1997, gastrointestinal passage was unsuspicious, and in an X-ray of the brain no stenosis of the sagittal fissure was confirmed. In the present case report, we describe a 28-year-old male patient with symptoms of an early infantile autism as well as a Tourette syndrome. He carries a 719 kb deletion on chromosome 2q24.3 including the genes SCN3A and SCN2A which code for voltage-gated sodium channels. To date, no similar case has been described in the literature with respect to the phenotype of autism spectrum disorder plus Tourette syndrome but without epilepsy. The patient showed a global retardation of development (including psychomotor and language delay), various autistic traits, echolalia, severe auto-aggressive symptoms in terms of head banging, tic-specific head movements and vocal tics. There might have been one febrile convulsion at age 3; however, clearly there was no diagnosis of epilepsy. No other seizures had ever been reported. The somatic abnormalities included dysmorphic features such as synophrys, epicanthus, modelled ears, a deep joined thumb and microcephaly. To date, there are only two case reports referring to patients with autistic features, language impairment, dysmorphic features and no history of seizures presenting a deletion of SCN2A and SCN3A genes [2, 16]. Chen et al. [16] described the most similar case to the one presented in this report. He presented a 3 years and 4 months old girl with autistic features, developmental delay, mental retardation, language impairment, dysmorphic features and no history of seizures with a 2.8 Mb de novo deletion on chromosome 2q24.2 entailing loss of nine genes including SCN2A2, SCN3A, GRB14 and COBLL1. Bartnik et al. [13] identified a de novo ~ 110 kb deletion involving exons 1–2 of SCN2A and non-coding exon 1a of SCN3A in a 25-year-old female with mental retardation, neurobehavioural and psychiatric abnormalities and a history of infantile seizures. Additionally, there are several other case reports presenting patients with a deletion on chromosome 2q24 with current seizures or a history of seizures [13–15]. In all previous case reports, no additional symptoms of Tourette syndrome have been described to date. The presently available literature suggests that mutations in SCN2A can be causative for ASD, benign familial neonatal infantile seizures, intractable epilepsy, infantile spasms and severe myoclonic epilepsy of infancy [8–12]. Since sodium channels are critical for action potential generation and propagation, a causative association between seizures and sodium channel dysfunction is plausible, whereas it is more difficult to understand this link for ASD and tics [1]. It is proposed that loss of function SCN1A mutations associated with seizures cause reduced GABA release leading to an inappropriate inhibition in related neuronal networks [6]. Parvalbumin neurons represent inhibitory GABAergic cells that are involved in various forms of feed-forward inhibition within the striatum [19]. Postmortem studies in patients with Tourette syndrome demonstrate a consistent and profound imbalance of parvalbumin-positive neuronal distribution in the basal ganglia [20]. The selective deficit of parvalbumin-positive and cholinergic striatal interneurons in Tourette syndrome was supposed to result in an impaired cortico/thalamic control of striatal neuron firing [21]. Evidence from studies demonstrates that Na(v)1.2 (the protein encoded by SCN2A) is abundant in parvalbumin-positive GABAergic inhibitory interneurons, at least in the hippocampus and the temporal lobe [22]. Apart from SCN2A and SCN3A genes being affected by the presently detected deletion, GRB14 (exon 1 to intron 2–3), COBLL1 and SLC38A11 were also deleted in our patient. Thus, heterozygous deletion of these genes might also play a pivotal role in conferring ASD symptoms and could even be suggested to confer symptoms of Tourette syndrome in the present case: Loss of SLC38A11, a putative sodium-coupled neutral amino acid transporter [23] might enhance the effects of SCN2A and SCN3A deletion. The COBLL1 gene, encoding the Cordon-Bleu WH2 Repeat Protein Like 1 was suggested to be a negative regulator of apoptosis and associated with lower insulin resistance [24]. A deletion on chromosome 2q24.4 encompassing 47 genes including SCN2A2, SCN3A and COBLL1 was reported in a patient with severe epilepsy [14]. GRB14 encodes a growth factor receptor-binding protein acting as an inhibitor of intracellular signaling pathways regulating growth and metabolism [25]. One previous investigation reported a deletion on chromosome 2q comprising GRB14 and COBLL1 in a patient with autistic features, developmental delay, mental retardation, language impairment and dysmorphic features. In this case, additional repetitive hand movements have been described [2, 16]. Therefore, it is possible that deletions of GRB14 and COBLL1 may contribute to tic symptoms. An association of the above mentioned affected genes with Tourette syndrome proper, however, has not been reported in the presently available literature. From our point of view, the deletion therefore adequately explains the patient’s symptomatology. Furthermore, whole genome sequencing could provide further information on whether additional mutations/variants are present in the patient’s autistic brother contributing to the development of autistic symptoms in the patient. Concerning treatment of SCN gene mutations, existing literature is really scarce. A causal treatment of deletions in chromosomal area 2q24.3 is not available. To date, a substitution of the missing gene products of the patient is not possible. Promising studies reported a SCN2A mutation in a Chinese boy with infantile spasm responding to a modified Atkins Diet [26]. It is an “alternative” ketogenic diet with results demonstrating efficacy in the treatment of intractable seizures [27]. Evidence shows that ketones produced after a modified Atkins Diet could reduce neuron excitability by inhibiting glutamate transport and activating ATP-sensitive potassium channels [28]. Currently, there are no publications available investigating the effect of a ketogenic diet on Tic disorders or Tourette syndrome. A review concluded that for the treatment of DS, which is often caused by loss-of-function mutations in SCN1A, valproate and benzodiazepines should be the first-line treatment but are often insufficient. Topiramate and levetiracetam, bromide and ketogenic diet provide efficacy as adjunctive therapy. Lamotrigine and carbamazepine should be avoided as they are supposed to lead to an increased occurrence of seizures [29]. Another promising drug is stiripentol showing efficacy in a combination with valproate and clobazam [29, 30]. Among patients with DS, a treatment with cannabidiol resulted in a reduction in seizure frequency compared to placebo, nevertheless higher rates of adverse events have been reported [31]. For the future, further research into targeted treatment options for SCN2A and SCN3A deletions is warranted. Previous studies primarily focused on patients with seizures and reported about medication with antiepileptic drugs or Atkins diets. In our case, the patient presented additional symptoms of Tourette syndrome, but no epilepsy. It remains to be elucidated whether the heterozygous loss of SCN2A and SCN3A or GRB14, COBLL1 and SLC38A11, respectively, might also contribute to the development of tics, which remains subject to investigation in large hypothesis-driven association studies.
Atypical Rett Syndrome and Intractable Epilepsy With Novel GRIN2B Mutation. Rett syndrome is a genetic disorder most often caused by a mutation in the MECP2 gene.1 Whole-exome sequencing has implicated a growing number of other genetic causes.2 We present a female with atypical Rett syndrome and intractable epilepsy caused by a previously unreported pathogenic variant in GRIN2B. The patient was apparently normal until 8 months of age, when her development began to stagnate. Her head circumference at birth was normal and her head growth decelerated postnatally. She walked at age 5 years but gradually lost the ability in late childhood. She never developed speech. She had midline hand stereotypies, aerophagia, bruxism, peripheral vasomotor changes, and impaired sleep. She was diagnosed with “variant” Rett syndrome based on the clinical diagnostic criteria in use at the time.3 Brain magnetic resonance imaging at age 14 years was normal. Negative genetic investigations included chromosomal microarray; 15q11-q13 methylation testing for Angelman syndrome; and genetic analysis of MECP2, FOXG1, CDKL5, and WDR45. Subsequent research-based whole-exome sequencing identified a de novo variant in GRIN2B (NM_000834.3, c.1928T>C, p.L643P). Epileptic seizures began at age 9 years with both generalized tonic and tonic–clonic patterns. She has remained medically refractory despite numerous antiepileptic drug trials involving different combinations of dilantin, lacosamide, levetiracetam, valproic acid, topiramate, gabapentin, clobazam, and rufinamide. Seizure frequency at age 19 years was up to 15 tonic seizures per day, with about half progressing to a clonic phase. Electroencephalograms showed interictal generalized discharges and tonic seizures. Given the intractability of her seizures and the finding of a GRIN2B variant, memantine 10 mg twice daily was added to her existing regimen of phenytoin, levetiracetam, and lacosamide. It was discontinued at 3-month follow-up after a slight worsening in seizure frequency was reported. The GRIN2B gene encodes a subunit of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, which is a glutamate-activated ion channel found at excitatory synapses throughout the brain. GRIN2B encephalopathy is a newly described disorder causing developmental disability with or without seizures. Platzer et al4 described 86 individuals with de novo heterozygous GRIN2B mutations. While the phenotype is variable, 60% have severe intellectual disability, over half have childhood-onset epilepsy, and approximately half of those with epilepsy are medically refractory. Only 7% have a history of regression, which is a mandatory criterion for a diagnosis of Rett syndrome.1 Our patient met clinical diagnostic criteria for atypical Rett syndrome while presenting with intractable epilepsy, which is atypical for Rett syndrome caused by MECP2 mutations. The original clinical diagnosis of variant Rett syndrome was made when our patient was a preschool-aged child and was based on the existing clinical diagnostic criteria.3 Although the pivotal role of pathogenic variants in the MECP2 gene in classic and atypical Rett syndrome was already known in 2002, both Hagberg et al3 and Neul et al1 elected to continue to base the diagnosis of Rett syndrome exclusively on clinical grounds, a decision that resulted in some controversy.5 With the gradual discovery that Rett-like features were an important part of the phenotypes seen in pathogenic variants of other genes whose products were functionally linked to MECP2 (eg, CDKL5, FOXG1, WDR45), a parallel nomenclature has evolved based on gene diagnosis: MECP2-related disorders, CDKL5-related disorders, and so on. Thus, from the gene diagnosis perspective, our patient has GRIN2B-related disorder. Two recent papers each report a GRIN2B pathogenic variant detected with whole-exome sequencing in groups of patients with Rett syndrome and Rett-like presentations. Additional clinical details were not provided to allow comparisons with our patient.6,7 Another patient with a loss-of-function GRIN2B variant and Rett-like features was described. However, that paper was retracted because of inadvertent use of L-serine as a treatment instead of the intended D-serine. The clinical description did not specify the presence of regression but included motor delays, behavioral abnormalities, hand stereotypies, and impaired sleep. Memantine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, has been proposed as a selective treatment for gain-of-function mutations in GluN2 subunits such as GRIN2B.10 Platzer et al4 showed that memantine can reduce NMDA receptor hyperactivity in vitro; however, treatment of 4 individuals with gain-of-function variants in GRIN2B with memantine did not significantly reduce seizure frequency. We observed worsening of seizure activity in our patient. This case highlights that GRIN2B variants can cause atypical Rett syndrome with medically refractory epilepsy and that there is a growing need for an understanding of the underlying pathophysiology based on the patient’s genotype. With this information, new targeted treatments for these patients can be developed.
Growth hormone deficiency as a cause for short stature in Wiedemann–Steiner Syndrome. Wiedemann–Steiner Syndrome (WSS) is a rare condition characterised by short stature, hypertrichosis of the elbow, intellectual disability and characteristic facial dysmorphism due to heterozygous loss of function mutations in KMT2A, a gene encoding a histone 3 lysine 4 methyltransferase. Children with WSS are often short and until recently, it had been assumed that short stature is an intrinsic part of the syndrome. GHD has recently been reported as part of the phenotypic spectrum of WSS. We describe the case of an 8-year-old boy with a novel heterozygous variant in KMT2A and features consistent with a diagnosis of WSS who also had growth hormone deficiency (GHD). GHD was diagnosed on dynamic function testing for growth hormone (GH) secretion, low insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) levels and pituitary-specific MRI demonstrating anterior pituitary hypoplasia and an ectopic posterior pituitary. Treatment with GH improved height performance with growth trajectory being normalised to the parental height range. Our case highlights the need for GH testing in children with WSS and short stature as treatment with GH improves growth trajectory. Growth hormone deficiency might be part of the phenotypic spectrum of Wiedemann–Steiner Syndrome (WSS). Investigation of pituitary function should be undertaken in children with WSS and short stature. A pituitary MR scan should be considered if there is biochemical evidence of growth hormone deficiency (GHD). Recombinant human growth hormone treatment should be considered for treatment of GHD. Wiedemann–Steiner Syndrome (WSS, OMIM#605130) is a rare genetic disorder characterised by psychomotor delay, facial dysmorphism, hypertrichosis (especially of the elbow) and growth retardation (1, 2, 3). WSS results from heterozygous loss of function KMT2A mutations (4). Recently, it has been reported that 50% of patients with WSS have growth hormone deficiency (GHD) (5). However, no details of endocrine investigations were provided in these patients. We report endocrine and imaging studies in a patient with genetically confirmed WSS and GHD and his response to therapy with GH. Proband (8.6 years, male) was born to non-consanguineous parents of White European origin by normal delivery at 39 weeks, weighing 2.6 kg (−1.8 SDS) with evidence of intra-uterine growth restriction on antenatal ultrasound scanning. Vesico-ureteric reflux, mild hydronephrosis and hydroureter had been identified in early life. At 2.2 years of age, he presented with short stature (height: 75.5 cm, −4.1 SDS), decreasing height velocity and poor weight gain (weight: 6.8 kg, <−6.3 SDS) (Fig. 1A). A review at 3 years of age showed that his height (79.1 cm at age 3.0 years, −4.5 SDS) and weight (9 kg, −4.6 SDS) had remained suboptimal. His height was well below the mid-parental height (174.0 cm, −0.4 SDS). Investigations ruled out malabsorption. Although several allergies (soya and raw eggs) were noted, the coeliac screen was normal. Initial endocrine investigations showed low levels of the GH-dependent peptide IGF-I (20 µg/L (range: 28–247 for age)) with other pituitary functions remaining normal. The cause for low IGF-I was attributed to low body weight instead of GHD. Although the patient did not have obvious features of GHD other than short stature, growth hormone dynamic stimulation testing was performed as per local protocol. Glucagon-stimulated GH levels were low (basal: 1.8, peak: 3.3 µg/L, expected values >7 µg/L), suggesting biochemical evidence for GHD. MR scanning of the pituitary and brain showed a hypoplastic anterior pituitary with an elongated posterior pituitary extending into the pituitary stalk (minor ectopic posterior pituitary), in keeping with a developmental abnormality of the pituitary gland (Fig. 1B). As the patient demonstrated an abnormal growth hormone response to stimulation and demonstrated radiological evidence of pituitary hypoplasia/ectopia, a second stimulation test was not performed in keeping with local protocol. The patient was commenced on recombinant human GH treatment in a dose of 25 µg/kg/day, to which satisfactory height gain was achieved within the first year. While pre-treatment height velocity was 4.5 cm/year, post-treatment height velocity increased to 13.3 cm/year. Satisfactory height trajectory (height: 124.3 cm at 8.1 years, −0.8 SDS) was maintained in follow-up appointments with GH treatment administered in doses varying between 25 and 30 µg/kg/day. GHD continued to be isolated, with no evidence of wider pituitary dysfunction. The patient was reviewed again at age 7.5 years; by this time, intellectual disability and an autistic spectrum disorder had been identified. Dysmorphism, including long eyelashes, thick arched eyebrows, downslanting and vertically narrow palpebral fissures, hypertelorism, low set ears, ptosis and mild facial asymmetry, was noted. The patient’s DNA was analysed for a next generation sequencing (NGS)-based panel of 206 intellectual disability genes. A novel heterozygous KMT2A variant (c.7062delC p.(Ser2355LeufsTer18), RefSeq ID: NM_005933) predicted to be deleterious was identified. Reverse phenotyping confirmed that the phenotypic features were consistent with WSS (6). Targeted parental testing confirmed that the variant had arisen de novo. WSS is a rare genetic disease with variable phenotypes of presentation. Short stature is a recognised feature of WSS; the molecular basis for short stature has not been ascertained but had been assumed to be intrinsic to the genetic defect. A recent observational study suggested that GHD could be frequent in children with WSS (5). This study did not describe the methods by which GHD was diagnosed or report the response to GH treatment. As dynamic function testing has high false positive frequency, the validity of GHD diagnosis in WSS patients remains to be confirmed. In contrast, our case study has demonstrated auxological, biochemical and radiological evidence confirming GHD. Our findings suggest the possibility of a structural pituitary lesion in WSS causing GHD and short stature. Therefore, we would recommend thorough investigation of pituitary function in all children diagnosed with WSS, including a pituitary MR scan if there is biochemical evidence of GHD. The combination of decelerating growth velocity, low GH to dynamic function testing, low IGF-I and MR scan findings of hypoplastic anterior pituitary/ectopic posterior pituitary and satisfactory and sustained treatment response to GH are highly suggestive of a diagnosis of GHD. The possibility of GHD occurring as a chance association remains to be confirmed, although the observation of GHD in 50% of WSS patients points towards a stronger and more intrinsic association (5). The latter is in contrast to the clinical experience in our centre where only one out of seven children with WSS had confirmed GHD. The long-term outcome of GH treatment in patients with WSS has not been previously reported. In our patient, growth response was excellent to modest doses of GH treatment over a 6-year follow-up period. On regular monitoring, GH-dependent peptides IGF-I and IGFBP-3 remained within the normal range. No adverse events from GH administration were noted. There was no observed alteration in phenotypic characteristics of WSS. Our patient continues to be treated as any other child with GHD with strict monitoring for efficacy and adverse events arising from GH treatment; it remains to be seen if our patient develops wider pituitary dysfunction, experiences a pubertal growth spurt and if final height is appropriate for the parental height potential. WSS is caused by KMT2A mutations (4). KMT2A encodes a histone 3 lysine 4 methyltransferase. Our observation indicates that KMT2A may have a role in pituitary development. Several other developmental disorders caused by mutations in histone lysine methyltransferases (KMTs) are known (7). Of these, KMT2D mutations that cause Kabuki syndrome (KS, OMIM#147920) are notable. This is because GH deficiency has also been described in patients with KS (8, 9). CHD7 encodes a reader for H3K4 marks laid down by KMT2D (10). CHD7 mutations cause CHARGE syndrome (OMIM#214800). Growth retardation is one of the cardinal features of CHARGE syndrome and GHD has also been described in patients with CHARGE (11). We conclude that our case report illustrates the need to investigate pituitary function, in particular for GH secretion in all children diagnosed with WSS and short stature. Treatment with recombinant human GH could be considered as an option to improve height gain in patients with WSS and GHD.
Description of the molecular and phenotypic spectrum of Wiedemann-Steiner syndrome in Chinese patients. Wiedemann–Steiner syndrome (WDSTS) is a rare genetic disorder characterized by facial gestalt, neurodevelopmental delay, skeletal anomalies and growth retardation, which is caused by variation of KMT2A gene. To date, only 2 Chinese WDSTS patients have been reported. Here, we report the phenotypes and KMT2A gene variations in 14 unrelated Chinese WDSTS patients and investigate the phenotypic differences between the Chinese and French cohorts. Next generation sequencing was performed for each patient, and the variants in the KMT2A gene were validated by Sanger sequencing. The phenotypes of 16 Chinese WDSTS patients were summarized and compared to 33 French patients. Genetic sequencing identified 13 deleterious de novo KMT2A variants in 14 patients, including 10 truncating, 2 missenses and 1 splicing variants. Of the 13 variants, 11 are novel and two have been reported previously. One of the patients is mosaic in the KMT2A gene. The variation spectra and phenotypic profiles of the Chinese WDSTS patients showed no difference with patients of other ethnicities; however, differ in the frequencies of several clinical features. We demonstrated that variations in the KMT2A gene can lead to both advanced and delayed bone age. We identified 6 novel phenotypes, which include microcephaly, deep palmar crease, external ear deformity, carpal epiphyseal growth retardation, dyslipidemia, and glossoptosis. In addition, patients harbored missense variants in the CXXC zinc finger domain of KMT2A showed more severe neurophenotypes. Our study consists of the largest cohort of Chinese WDSTS patients that continues to expand the WDSTS phenotypic and variation spectrum. Our results support the notion that the CXXC zinc finger domain of KMT2A gene is a hotspot for missense variants associated with more severe neurophenotypes. The online version of this article (10.1186/s13023-018-0909-0) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users. Keywords: Wiedemann–Steiner syndrome, KMT2A variation, Chinese patients, Phenotypic differences. Wiedemann–Steiner syndrome (WDSTS, OMIM #605130) is a pleiotropic and extremely rare autosomal dominant disorder, which was first reported by Wiedemann et al. in 1989 and later described by Steiner et al. in 2000 [1]. Using whole-exome sequencing (WES), Jones et al. revealed that germline heterozygous variations of the KMT2A gene (OMIM #159555) was responsible for WDSTS in five patients in 2012 [2]. The KMT2A gene, also known as MLL, encodes a histone lysine methyltransferase that plays a critical role in regulating gene expression during early development and hematopoiesis [3]. Because KMT2A regulates multiple Hox and Wnt genes through histone H3 lysine 4 (H3K4) methylation [4], phenotypes of the WDSTS patients are complex and involve multiple systems, including facial features, skeletal development, and neuro development. A recent summary study pointed out that the clinical features of developmental delay (DD), intellectual disability (ID), postnatal growth retardation, palpebral fissures, down-slanted, wide nasal bridge, broad nasal tip, long eyelashes, and thick eyebrows are more common in WDSTS patients [5]. Increasing number of WDSTS patients of different ethnicities are being identified due to the rapid advance of DNA sequencing technologies, which continues to expand the phenotype spectra with novel features [5]. To date, at least 69 WDSTS patients with variations in KMT2A gene were confirmed, of whom only two are Chinese [5–11]. Though most of the features in the two Chinese patients are similar to patients of other ethnicities, whether the absent palmar proximal transverse creases is a unique feature of Chinese patients and whether there are novel phenotypes in Chinese patients remain unclear. Meanwhile, our knowledge on the phenotype spectrum and variation spectrum of Chinese patients are still very limited. Here, we studied the phenotypes and KMT2A variations of 14 unrelated Chinese WDSTS patients. We identified 13 de novo heterozygous variants in the KMT2A gene, including 10 truncating, 2 missense, and 1 splicing variants. Of them, 11 are novel. The phenotypes of Chinese WDSTS patients were compared with a French cohort. In addition, we hereby report several novel clinical features of WDSTS, including macrocephaly, deep palmar crease, external ear deformity, carpal epiphyseal growth retardation, dyslipidemia, and glossoptosis. A total of 14 Chinese patients (8 females and 6 males), aged from 1.5 years to 25 years old, were enrolled from Shanghai Children’s Medical Center, Jiangxi Provincial Children’s Hospital, Shanghai First Maternity and Infant Hospital, Chongqing Children’s Hospital, and Chengdu Women’s and Children’s Central Hospital in China. All patients’ parents are unaffected and non-consanguineous in our study. For Patients 1–7, 10 and 12, proband-only targeted-NGS using inherited disease panel (including 2742 disease-causing genes, cat No.5190–7519, Agilent technologies Inc., Santa Clara, CA, USA) was performed in Shanghai Children’s Medical Center as described previously [12]. For Patients 8, 9, 11 and 14, proband-only targeted NGS was performed by a commercial company (MyGenostics, Inc., Beijing, China), using a clinical exome capture panel containing 4231 disease-causing genes. For patient 13, trio-based WES was performed by the short stature sequencing program [13]. Variants detected by NGS were confirmed by Sanger sequencing in each patient and their parents, when the samples were available. The statistical analysis between two cohorts was performed by Chi-square (χ2) test using the SPSS 17.0 (Statistical Package for the Social Sciences Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). In data statistics, p < 0.05 is considered of suggestive significance. We identified 13 different KMT2A variants (10 truncating, 2 missense, 1 splicing) (Table 1 and Additional file 1: Table S1), with Patient 3 and Patient 7 harboring the same truncating variant (p.Ser774Valfs*12). The two missense variants occurred in the CXXC zinc finger domain (p.Gly1168Asp) and the SET domain (p.Arg3906Cys), respectively (Additional file 2: Table S2). Multiple in silico tools predict deleterious outcomes of these two missense variants (p.Gly1168Asp: scored 0.000 in SIFT, 1.0 in Polyphen-2, 1.0 in MutationTaster, and 35.0 in CADD; p.Arg3906Cys: scored 0.002 in SIFT, 1.0 in Polyphen-2, 1.0 in MutationTaster, and 29.3 in CADD). Of the 13 identified variants, 11 are novel, and the p.Gly1168Asp and p.Ser774Valfs*12 variants have been reported previously [11, 14]. Except the variants identified in patient 9, whose mothers’ sample was not available, the other 12 variants were confirmed to be de novo. According to the variant-interpretation guidelines from the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics and the Association for Molecular Pathology [15], the 2 missense variants were classified as likely pathogenic, and the others are pathogenic. In additional, a total of 106 X of the base at c.5871 in Patient 10 was sequenced. Interestingly, the variant allele (A) has much lower proportion (24 X, 22.6%) when compared to the wild-type allele (T) (82 X, 77.4%), which is confirmed by Sanger sequencing (Additional file 3: Figure S1), indicating mosaicism in the patient. To fully describe the clinical features of Chinese WDSTS patients, 2 previously reported patients [6] were included in our analysis, to make the sample size 16. A comprehensive list of clinical presentation is summarized in Table ​Table1, and Figs. 1 and 2. In summary, the most frequent (with frequency ≥ 70%) clinical features in Chinese WDSTS patients were as follows: long eyelashes, ID, thick hair, delay in language development, low hair line, hypertelorism, downturned corners of the mouth, down-turned palpebral fissures, vertically narrow palpebral fissures, high palate, hypertrichosis on back, postnatal growth retardation for height (12/16, 75%), and delayed bone age. Additionally, six clinical features were reported in WDSTS patients for the first time, including macrocephaly in Patient 7, external ear deformity in Patients 10 and 12 (Fig. ​(Fig.1a),1a), deep palmar crease in Patient 9 (Fig. ​(Fig.1b),1b), carpal epiphyseal growth retardation in Patient 10 (Fig. ​(Fig.2b),2b), dyslipidemia in Patient 10 with mild increased in cholesterol level (5.78 mmol/L, normal range: 2.50–5.20 mmol/L) and low-density in lipoprotein level (4.18 mmol/L, normal range: 0–3.36 mmol/L), and glossoptosis in Patient 13. Patient 1 received rehabilitation training to improve the gross motor development before 2 years old. Patient 3 received growth hormone (GH) therapy (0.15 IU/kg/d = 0.05 mg/kg/d) for 14 months and had a 12 cm gain in height (0.85 cm/month).The GH treatment effect of Patient 3 is similar with a recently reported WDSTS patient, whose height velocity increased to 13.3 cm/year [16]. Patient 6 was initially diagnosed with puberty variation with bilateral breast development for the past 5 months at 8-year-10-minth old. She was therefore treated with gonadotrophin releasing hormone (GnRH) analogue to inhibit the rapid sexual development, hoping to improve her adult height. The latest evaluation of Patient 6 at 9-year-4-month old showed well-controlled of the breast development and the normal levels of sex hormones, 17-hydroxyprogesterone, adrenocorticotropic hormone, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Patient 11 is currently undergoing rehabilitation training to improve her gross motor development. Patient 7 was naturally pregnant with triplets and thus she was provided with genetic counseling. Further examination revealed that one of the three fetuses had scoliosis and one had pulmonary artery atresia. The family decided to take fetal reduction surgery to remove the fetus with scoliosis. A recent follow-up showed that the other two babies were born, and the normal baby was confirmed to carry wild-type KMT2A gene by genetic testing. Unfortunately, we were not able to get genetic information of the baby who had pulmonary artery atresia, since the parents refused to have genetic testing on the baby. Patient 13 had breathing difficulty after birth due to glossoptosis and micrognathia, and thus he underwent a mandibular traction surgery at 50 days of age. For further understand WDSTS, we did statistical analysis for the phenotypes between the 16 Chinese patients and a cohort of 33 French patients [11]. As shown in Table 2, no significant differences of age span, gender distribution, and the KMT2A gene variant spectrum in the two cohorts. The overall clinical feature profiles are similar in these two groups, however, several differences still can be observed. Three features of ptosis, thick eyebrows, and feeding difficulties showed significant statistical difference in the two cohorts. The Chinese cohort had higher frequency of ptosis but lower frequency of thick eyebrows and feeding difficulties. In addition, though no statistical difference was observed, postnatal growth retardation, microcephaly, down-turned palpebral fissures, long eyelashes, brachydactyly, and delayed bone age were more frequent in the Chinese cohort, while the frequency of thin upper lip, hyperopia, and congenital heart malformations were higher in the French cohort. In this study, we recruited 14 unrelated Chinese WDSTS patients. To our knowledge, this is the largest cohort of Chinese WDSTS patients with the greatest age span (from pediatric to adult) that have been reported. Recently, Sun et al. reported two Chinese male patients who presented with absent palmar proximal transverse creases, which may be a unique characteristic of Chinese WDSTS patients [6]. We thus examined all the 14 patients and found that no patients had abnormal palmar crease except for Patient 9, who had deep palmar crease (Fig. 1c). We speculate that the lack of abnormal palmar crease in patients of other ethnicities may be a result of negligence during phenotype assessment. Additionally, we revealed several novel clinical features in WDSTS patients, including macrocephaly, deep palmar crease, external ear deformity, carpal epiphyseal growth retardation, dyslipidemia, and glossoptosis. Though it seems that several clinical features have frequency differences in the Chinese and French cohorts, only 3 (ptosis, thick eyebrows, and feeding difficulties) show statistical significance that might due to lack of enough Chinese WDSTS samples. Prior to the French cohort study, delayed bone age had been reported in at least 3 patients [6, 17], while significantly advanced bone age was first and only described in a 4-year-old female patient [18]. Here, the French cohort and our cohort reported another 9 and 12 patients presented with advanced bone age and delayed bone age, respectively. Therefore, we propose that both of advanced bone age and delayed bone age are authentic phenotype of WDSTS caused by KMT2A variation. Patients 3, 4 and 10 had GH deficiency and also presented with postnatal growth retardation, which are consistent with the results from the French cohort. Moreover, maternity history of Patient 7 supports the surmise of normal fertility in female WDSTS individuals, which has also been reported in two French patients. The French cohort reported a healthy unaffected father with very low proportion of mosaicism in the KMT2A gene (p.Arg1154Trp), who had two affected daughters. Intriguingly, Patient 10 in our cohort was the first WDSTS case reported with mosaicism in the KMT2A gene (c.5871 T > A; p.Tyr1957*), who on the other hand presented with more severe phenotypes as well as several previously unreported symptoms (external ear deformity, carpal epiphyseal growth retardation, and dyslipidemia). Because WDSTS can phenotypic overlap with Pierpont syndrome, Cornelia De Lange syndrome and Kabuki syndrome [6, 7, 9, 19, 20], the candidate genes causing the later three syndromes (i.e. TBL1XR1, NIPBL, SMC1A, SMC3, RAD21, HDAC8, KMT2D, and KMD6A) in our cohort have been excluded. To date, a total of 72 KMT2A variants spanning the whole protein have been identified (including the variants identified in this study), of which 71 are point variants and only one is intragenic large deletion [5–11]. As shown in Additional file 2: Table S2, of the 71 point variants, 48 are truncating, 17 are missense, and 6 are splicing variants. The p.Ser774Valfs*12 variant in Patients 3 and 7 has been previously reported in 3 unrelated patients [11, 21], which qualifies Ser774 as a hotspot for gene variation in KMT2A. Other 5 recurrent variants, including p.Arg1154Trp [11], p.Cys1155Tyr [11, 22], p.Gly1168Asp [14, this study], p.Arg1633* [2, 11] and p.Arg2480* [7, 11] were also identified. Although we did not find hotspot variation region, it is noteworthy that only missense variants (7/17) occurred in the cysteine-rich CXXC zinc finger domain (Additional file 2: Table S2), which is predicted to selectively bind to unmethylated CpG-containing stretches of the target genes [10]. Previous studies suggested that patients who harbor the missense variant in the CXXC DNA binding domain may show more severe neurodevelopmental delay [10, 14]. Indeed, in our cohort, Patient 5 (p.Gly1168Asp) has the most severe anomalies in neurological development. In contrast, Patient 4, who has a missense variant (p.Arg3906Cys) in the SET domain showed less neurological abnormalities, although the SET domain plays an important role in transcriptional activation via its H3K4 methyltransferase activity [5]. In the French cohort, 5 patients (Patients 24–28) harbored the missense variants in the CXXC DNA binding domain. 3 of them showed severe ID, while only one patient with severe ID was observed in the other 28 patients. 4 of them had persistent hypotonia (8 in the other 25 patients) and 3 of them had seizures (only one in the other 26 patients). These results further and firmly demonstrate the relationship between dysfunction in the CXXC DNA binding domain and severe nuerophenotypes. Most of the KMT2A variants generate truncated products (the same in Chinese patients, 12/16) that further suggest haploinsufficiency is the main pathogenesis of KMT2A gene. It is speculated that missense variants of the KMT2A gene are more likely to cause WDSTS by a dominant negative effect [23]. The hypothesis is supported by the fact that upregulation of the KMT2A gene transcription in patient with p.Arg1154Trp and site-specific DNA methylation changes driven by KMT2A missense variants [9, 10], which might explain the missense variants in the CXXC DNA binding domain linked to a more severe neurophenotypes. Nevertheless, more functional study need be performed to figure out the molecular mechanism, especially why there were only missense variants in this domain. Currently, it is still difficult to have more conclusions of genotype and phenotype in WDSTS patients due to its broad spectrum of phenotypes. Further studies should attempt elucidating the connection between genotype and phenotype, with epigenotype in consideration. In addition, the clinical interventions for WDSTS patients are yet limited. For most patients, symptomatic treatment, such as rehabilitation training, is the only option to improve the motor development. Results from Patient 3 in our study and another reported 2 patients [6, 16] indicate that GH therapy may be an effective method to improve the height of patients with GH deficiency. Of course, clinical safety should be taken into consideration when using growth hormone therapy. In summary, we report 14 Chinese WDSTS patients with 13 pathogenic variants in the KMT2A gene, including 11 novel variants. Our detailed comparison between the Chinese and French patients indicates no significant difference in phenotypic spectrum; however, the frequency of several symptoms were different. We demonstrated that variation in the KMT2A gene can lead to both advanced and delayed bone age. The novel phenotypes, including macrocephaly, deep palmar crease, external ear deformity, carpal epiphyseal growth retardation, dyslipidemia, and glossoptosis further extended the WDSTS phenotype spectrum. Our study supports the notion that the CXXC zinc finger domain is a hotspot region for missense variants, which is associated with more severe neurophenotypes. In addition, growth curves and endocrine-related problem need further investigation in the future.
A family with PTEN mutations with malignancy and an unusually high number of offspring with autism spectrum disorder: a case report. Cowden’s syndrome (OMIM:158350), a rare genetic disorder (incidence ~ 1:250,000), is caused by mutations of the tumor suppressor gene PTEN. In this report, we describe clinical manifestations of a 56-year-old patient diagnosed with Cowden’s syndrome and his family with PTEN mutations. The family has an unusually high number of offspring with autism spectrum disorder. Except for his 80-year-old Caucasian father, all of our index case’s living Caucasian kindred (three children, brother, and nephew) had PTEN mutations and macrocephaly. Prior to genetic testing, his mother and sister died of breast cancer at 42 and 38 years old, respectively. After PTEN mutation was identified, our patient underwent complete thyroidectomy (histology showing micropapillary carcinoma) and right nephrectomy for renal cell carcinoma. All of his three children (13-year-old son, 11- and 8-year-old daughters) have been diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. His son and brother underwent total thyroidectomy. His nephew had thyroid nodules. Management of Cowden’s syndrome requires clinical examinations and investigations every 6 to 12 months from 18 years old or 5 years before the family’s earliest age of cancer diagnosis and should focus on all clinical manifestations associated with PTEN mutations to identify early abnormal changes in skin, breasts, thyroid, endometrium, gut, and kidneys. Input from specialists across different disciplines is necessary. We describe a man and his family with PTEN mutations who have increased risk of cancers and an unusually high number of offspring with autism spectrum disorder. Early recognition and close surveillance are vital in order to provide treatment and early screening for asymptomatic at-risk relatives. Keywords: Cowden’s syndrome, PTEN hamartoma tumor syndrome, Mucocutaneous manifestations. Cowden’s syndrome (OMIM:158350), a rare autosomal dominant disorder with an incidence of about 1 in 250,000 [1], is a clinically distinct syndrome of PTEN hamartoma tumor syndrome (PHTS) [2]. Cowden’s syndrome was first described by Lloyd and Dennis in 1963 [3], who detailed the phenotypic findings in a 20-year-old patient, Rachel Cowden, after whom the condition was named (originally Cowden’s disease). Cowden’s syndrome is caused by germline mutations in the tumor suppressor gene PTEN (phosphate and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10) mapped to 10q22–23 [4]. Over 300 mutations have been identified so far [5, 6]. These mutations include changes in a small number of base pairs, but deletions of a larger amount of genetic material from the PTEN gene may at times occur, leading to the production of a dysfunctional PTEN enzyme. The defective enzyme is unable to inhibit apoptosis or signal abnormal cells to die, which contributes to cell proliferation. Cowden’s syndrome is characterized by multiple hamartomas with an increased risk of benign or malignant tumors. Mucocutaneous manifestations (primarily trichilemmomas and papillomatous papules) along with acral keratoses are pathognomonic features that exhibit age-related penetrance and are present in almost all individuals with Cowden’s syndrome by their third decade of life. Other features commonly observed in patients with Cowden’s syndrome include Lhermitte-Duclos disease, megencephaly, macrocephaly, dolicocephaly, gastrointestinal polyps, glycogenic acanthosis [7], and tumors, with breast cancer being the most common form of malignancy, followed by thyroid and endometrial cancer. Diagnosis of Cowden’s syndrome is based on National Comprehensive Cancer Network criteria [8]. The diagnostic criteria are subdivided into pathognomonic, major, and minor categories. The clinical diagnosis can be made on the basis of pathognomonic mucocutaneous lesions alone if an individual exhibits one of the following: (1) six or more facial papules (three of which must be trichilemmomas), (2) cutaneous facial papules and oral mucosal papillomatosis, (3) oral mucosal papillomatosis and acral keratosis, or (4) six or more palmoplantar keratoses. Macrocephaly along with breast, thyroid, and endometrial cancer make up the four major criteria. Minor criteria are composed of other thyroid lesions (adenoma and multinodular goiter), mental retardation, hamartomatous intestinal polyps, fibrocystic breast disease, lipomas, fibromas, genitourinary tumors (particularly renal cell cancer), genitourinary malformations, and uterine fibroids, which are more weakly associated with Cowden’s syndrome. If an individual has a first-degree relative with Cowden’s syndrome, the criteria require only one of the following: any single pathognomonic or major criterion, two minor criteria, or history of Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba syndrome (BRRS). After Cowden’s syndrome is established clinically, the actual diagnosis of PHTS is confirmed only by the identification of a germline mutation in PTEN/MMAC1/TEP1 [8]. Parents with PTEN mutations have been observed to have a disproportionately high number of offspring with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and macrocephaly [9, 10], but only a handful of reports have described families with Cowden’s syndrome and ASD [11, 12], and those reports that have been documented with pedigrees tend to be small and incomplete. In this report, we describe a case of Cowden’s syndrome with a strong family history of multiple malignancies and an unusually high number of members with ASD in a very clearly phenotyped family. Our patient was a 56-year-old Caucasian father (index case) of three children was previously diagnosed with Cowden’s syndrome (see below). The patient was referred to our endocrinology department by his oncology geneticist for management of his thyroid cancer in 2014. In 2009, when his 5-year-old son was undergoing investigations for ASD, the father was asked to have a blood test for genetic screening because the child was too anxious. The father was found to carry a C→G substitution at base 176, c.176C>G in exon 3 of the PTEN gene, changing amino acid number 59 from serine to a stop codon, p.S59X. Thereafter, genetic testing was carried out for all immediate members of his family. Except for the patient’s 80-year-old father, all of his living kindred (three children, brother, and nephew) were found to carry PTEN mutations. His mother and sister had died of breast cancer at 42 and 38 years old, respectively, prior to family genetic testing. Before his diagnosis of Cowden’s syndrome, the patient had undergone nasal polypectomy in 2004 and two subtotal thyroidectomies in 1987 and 2002 (histology showed papillary thyroid carcinoma). In view of his increased risk of thyroid cancer due to PTEN mutations, the patient was referred to a head and neck surgeon and advised to undergo complete thyroidectomy in 2014 (histology revealed micropapillary carcinoma). At the time of review, he was taking two tablets of Calcichew D3 (Takeda UK, Wooburn Green, UK) and 150 μg of levothyroxine daily, which adequately suppressed his thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) levels and kept his thyroglobulin at an undetectable level, indicating no disease recurrence. Hematological and biochemical assessments showed a hemoglobin of 14.4 g/dl, creatinine 73 μmol/L, calcium 2.15 mmol/L, alanine aminotransferase 27 IU/L, TSH 0.26 mU/L, free thyroxine 19.8 pmol/L, thyroglobulin < 0.2 μg/L, and vitamin D 43 nmol/L. The patient never smoked or consumed alcohol. He is currently living with his wife and three children and works as a bus driver. His physical examination showed evidence of macrocephaly, a neck scar from a previous thyroidectomy, palmoplantar keratoses, and mucosal papillomas on the tongue. He had no focal neurological deficits. His weight was 101 kg, and his height was 1.74 m (body mass index 33 kg/m2). His blood pressure was 130/80 mmHg, and his heart rate was 68 beats per minute in regular rhythm. Ultrasound surveillance in 2018 revealed two masses in his right kidney that were confirmed by computed tomography (CT). CT-guided biopsy showed chromophobe-type renal cell carcinoma, and laparoscopic right nephrectomy was performed. The patient has been regularly monitored for manifestations associated with PTEN mutations according to National Comprehensive Cancer Network guidelines [8]. His palmoplantar keratoses and the mucosal papillomas on his tongue are being monitored by a dermatologist. He is currently attending a polyposis clinic and is under the care of an upper gastrointestinal team for gastrointestinal surveillance. Colonoscopy is being performed biannually, and in a recent colonoscopy, two benign 3-mm cecal polyps were excised. A number of clinical manifestations arising from PTEN mutations have emerged among his kindred. His now 13-year-old son and 11- and 8-year-old daughters have been diagnosed with ASD. The patient’s son, brother, and nephew developed thyroid nodules; both the son and brother underwent total thyroidectomy (nonmalignant). The son also has skin lesions on his back (currently being monitored by a dermatologist). The patient and all members of his family with PTEN mutations have macrocephaly. His 90-year-old maternal aunt did not undergo genetic testing. His other maternal aunt died at the age of 70 prior to our patient’s diagnosis with Cowden’s syndrome. None of the patient’s maternal aunts had a history of cancer. The patient, his mother, and his brother all completed secondary school and work as bus drivers. Before dying, his mother had been a full-time house wife and his sister had graduated from a university and worked as an accountant. His nephew also completed a university degree. All his children are attending a school for children with special needs (Table 1). It has been recognized that parents with PTEN mutations have a disproportionately high number of offspring with ASD [9, 10], but there are only a few reports on families with Cowden’s syndrome and ASD [11, 12]. In this report, we describe a case of a patient with Cowden’s syndrome who has a strong family history of cancers and a variety of manifestations from PTEN mutations. Although germline PTEN pathogenic variants have been reported to be present in 10–20% of individuals with ASD [9, 12–14], little information is available on the prevalence of ASD among families with Cowden’s syndrome. The high proportion of offspring with ASD in our patient’s case (all three children) is unusually high for a single family. The patient himself has exhibited progressive development of tumors with age, suggesting the importance of close health monitoring for this group of patients. Before gene identification was available, patients with Cowden’s syndrome were rarely diagnosed. The only available estimate of population frequency is 1:250,000 [1], which is likely to be conservative because of its variable expression and subtle mucocutaneous lesions, as exemplified by our patient, who was found to carry a PTEN mutation only through investigation of his son for ASD. He therefore underwent several subtotal thyroidectomies prior to his diagnosis with Cowden’s syndrome. A delay in diagnosis clearly has a devastating impact on at-risk members of the family, as demonstrated in this report: His mother and sister both developed breast cancer and died of this condition. Members in the younger generation of his family are now closely monitored for early features of PHTS, including thyroid ultrasound. Thyroid abnormality occurs in all male members with PTEN mutations in this family (our patient and his son, brother, and nephew), which is one of the most frequently reported manifestations of Cowden’s syndrome, affecting between two-thirds and three-fourths of patients. These include benign thyroid abnormalities, such as multinodular goiter, adenomatous nodules, and follicular adenomas, whereas there is a 3–10% increase in lifetime risk of thyroid cancer, such as follicular and papillary thyroid cancer, but never medullary cancer [15]. Both first-degree adult female relatives (mother and sister) of our patient developed breast cancer, a common manifestation of Cowden’s syndrome in women, and they died of this disease at young ages (38 and 42 years). Although they did not have the opportunity to undergo genetic testing, given the negative test for PTEN mutations in his father, the young age at the time of their death, and the autosomal dominant inheritance of Cowden’s syndrome, it is likely that his mother and sister also carried PTEN mutations. Women with Cowden’s syndrome have a lifetime risk of developing benign breast disease of about 67% and of breast cancer between 25% and 50%, with an average age at diagnosis between 38 and 46 years [16, 17]. Men with Cowden’s syndrome have also been shown to have breast cancer [18]. About half of women with Cowden’s syndrome have been shown to develop multiple large uterine fibroids and have a lifetime risk of developing endometrial cancer between 5% and 10%. Our patient also has other manifestations of Cowden’s syndrome, including renal cell carcinoma, gastrointestinal and nasal polyps, palmoplantar keratoses, and mucosal papillomas, which are cardinal features of Cowden’s syndrome. The risk of other cancers is also increased among individuals with Cowden’s syndrome, including skin and possibly brain tumors. Macrocephaly was found in all family members with PTEN mutations in the present report. Authors of a previous report described a 14-year-old boy with PTEN mutations who had progressive macromegaly, ASD, and focal epilepsy [19]. Studies using magnetic resonance imaging of the brain have shown that macrocephaly in patients with ASD who carry a PTEN mutation is due to overgrowth of the white matter [20, 21], but how changes in the PTEN gene are related to the risk of developing ASD remains to be elucidated. In their study of PTEN mutation spectrum and genotype-phenotype correlations in BRRS and Cowden’s syndrome, Marsh et al. showed the overlap of a number of clinical features, the sharing of identical PTEN mutations, in addition to the presence of BRRS/Cowden’s syndrome overlap families, all highly suggestive that BRRS and Cowden’s syndrome are different presentations of a single syndrome and that anticipation may also pertain in this syndrome [22]. However, there has been no evidence from subsequent studies to support this notion. It is of interest that our patient’s family appears to have increasing severity of learning difficulty with the youngest generation, as reflected by education level and high frequency of ASD among offspring. Annual clinical examinations are recommended between 6 and 12 months from 18 years old or 5 years before the family’s earliest age of cancer diagnosis. Examinations should focus on all clinical manifestations associated with PTEN mutations, including skin, breast, thyroid, endometrial, gastrointestinal, and renal cell cancers. This would require input from specialists across different disciplines. Up-to-date management guidelines are available from the National Comprehensive Cancer Network [8]. The strengths of this case report lie in its details of the clinical manifestations of all immediate family members and the relatively large number of offspring in a single family, all of whom have ASD. This case is limited by the reliance on clinical history elicited from one member of the family (the index case). We overcame this limitation by conducting thorough research of the medical case notes and communicating with specialists in charge of the patient and his family. We describe a man and his family with PTEN mutations who have increased risk of cancers and an unusually high number of offspring with ASD. Early recognition and close surveillance are vital in order to provide treatment and early screening for asymptomatic at-risk relatives.
Genetic Diagnostic Evaluation of Trio-Based Whole Exome Sequencing Among Children With Diagnosed or Suspected Autism Spectrum Disorder. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a group of clinically and genetically heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorders. Recent tremendous advances in the whole exome sequencing (WES) enable rapid identification of variants associated with ASD including single nucleotide variations (SNVs) and indels. To further explore genetic etiology of ASD in Chinese children with negative findings of copy number variants (CNVs), we applied WES in 80 simplex families with a single affected offspring with ASD or suspected ASD, and validated variations predicted to be damaging by Sanger sequencing. The results showed that an overall diagnostic yield of 8.8% (9.2% in the group of ASD and 6.7% in the group of suspected ASD) was observed in our cohort. Among patients with diagnosed ASD, developmental delay or intellectual disability (DD/ID) was the most common comorbidity with a diagnostic yield of 13.3%, followed by seizures (50.0%) and craniofacial anomalies (40.0%). All of identified de novo SNVs and indels among patients with ASD were loss of function (LOF) variations and were slightly more frequent among female (male vs. female: 7.3% vs. 8.5%). A total of seven presumed causative genes (CHD8, AFF2, ADNP, POGZ, SHANK3, IL1RAPL1, and PTEN) were identified in this study. In conclusion, WES is an efficient diagnostic tool for diagnosed ASD especially those with negative findings of CNVs and other neurological disorders in clinical practice, enabling early identification of disease related genes and contributing to precision and personalized medicine. Keywords: autism spectrum disorder, whole exome sequencing, diagnostic yield, comorbidity, genetic etiology. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a group of highly heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorders affecting 1 in 59 children aged 8 years, with boys four times more likely to be affected than girls (Baio et al., 2018). It’s characterized by impaired reciprocal social interaction and communication, as well as restricted repetitive interests and behaviors (The Lancet, 2010). The symptoms could develop gradually from early childhood, affecting daily functioning and persisting throughout one’s life (Stefanatos, 2008). Given the variety of phenotypes and severity, it’s believed that genetic factors play a key role in the pathogenesis of ASD, in combination with developmental environmental factors (Hofvander et al., 2009; Mattila et al., 2010; Anagnostou et al., 2014). The clinical and genetic heterogeneity of ASD has proved to be challenging to the diagnostic workup of affected patients. Routine testing for Fragile X syndrome, karyotyping and chromosomal microarray (CMA) have been established as the first-tier tests for patients with ASD for several years, accounting only for about 1–2%, 5%, and 5–10% cases, respectively (Shen et al., 2010; Betancur, 2011; State and Levitt, 2011; Devlin and Scherer, 2012). Certain loci were identified to confer risk for ASD, and 16p11.2, 15q11-q13, and 22q11.2 were the most frequent (Marshall et al., 2008; Weiss et al., 2008; Fernandez et al., 2010; Hogart et al., 2010; Hiroi et al., 2013). In addition, several genes identified by copy number variants (CNVs) screening and target sequencing for candidate genes were related to ASD susceptibility, such as PTCHD1, NRXN1, NLGN3, SHANK3, SHANK1 and so on (Jamain et al., 2003; Moessner et al., 2007; Kim et al., 2008; Noor et al., 2010; Sato et al., 2012; Dabell et al., 2013). Recent rapidly improved accuracy and decreased cost of whole-exome sequencing (WES) enabled the application among proband-parent trios of ASD in clinical practice, opening the way to the discovery of single nucleotide variations (SNVs) and indels (Sanders et al., 2012; O’Roak et al., 2014). By using WES, ∼ 20.0% patients with sporadic ASD could be identified and this rate even reached to ∼90% because of the highly inbred nature of the Saudi population, making it useful in complementing CMA designed to detect CNVs, and better characterizing the genetic architecture for ASD in simplex families (O’Roak et al., 2011; Yu et al., 2013; Tammimies et al., 2015; Al-Mubarak et al., 2017). However, thus far, there remains a gap in our knowledge of the diagnostic yield of trio-WES among Chinese children with autistic features when CMA is unable to detect risk-related variations, and its impacts on clinical practice. It is estimated that more than 70% of individuals with ASD have comorbidities including developmental and psychiatric disorders (Hofvander et al., 2009; Kohane et al., 2012). Based on the suspicion that genetic mechanism of children suffered an abnormality of morphogenesis differed from those who did not, Miles et al. (2005) collected data of dysmorphisms among children with ASD. The patients were further divided into two subsets of patients with documented dysmorphology (complex group) and without evident disrupted morphogenesis (essential group). The findings demonstrated that an abnormal karyotype (2.3%) or a clinically recognized syndrome (1.9%) were identified and restricted to complex group. Triggered by this incentive, we classified patients into different subgroups according to clinical manifestations, to explore the utility of WES and better characterize the underlining genetic differences. In an attempt to expand the genetic spectrum of ASD by identifying novel SNV and indels, and evaluate how well WES could make up the deficiency of CMA in China, trio-based WES was further implemented among 80 children diagnosed as ASD and suspected of having ASD with negative findings of CMA. Data were collected from children visiting the outpatient clinic of Department of Developmental Behavioral Pediatric and Children Healthcare at Xinhua Hospital, Shanghai, China during March to December 2017. Without detection of CNVs related to ASD, a total of 80 unrelated children (aged 4 months to 13 years) with autistic features were enrolled to further complete trio-based whole exome sequencing (WES). All probands did not have neurological disorders (such as cerebral palsy and schizophrenia) or have the known chromosome/genetic disorders (such as trisomy 21 syndrome, trisomy 18 syndrome, trisomy 13 syndrome, Rett syndrome, Fragile X syndrome). Chromosome microarray analysis were applied by using Cyto Scan HD array (Affymetrix, Santa Clara, CA, United States). Of these children, 65 (55 males and 10 females) were diagnosed as ASD using standard evaluation including Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DMS-5), the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule (ADOS), Childhood Autism Rating Scale (CARS) and the intellectual assessment by clinicians. By intellectual assessment, the patients with developmental quotient (DQ) < 75 assessed using Gesell development scales, and intelligence quotient (IQ) < 70 assessed using WISC-R or WPPSI (Wechsler Intelligence Scale for children) were diagnosed as developmental delay or intellectual disability (DD/ID). With related evaluation not available, the rest of children exhibiting clinician-reported autistic features were suspected of having ASD. The study was approved by the ethical committee at Xinhua hospital and conducted in accordance with the relevant guidelines and regulations. Written informed consent in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki was obtained from the patients and parents. And we have been adhered to standard biosecurity and institutional safety procedures in this study. Peripheral blood leukocytes from 80 children and parents were obtained. Genomic DNA (gDNA) was extracted using Lab-Aid Nucleic Acid (DNA) Isolation Kit (Zeesan, China), according to the manufacturer’s instructions. The preparation of library of WES was completed using xGen Exome research panel v1.0 (Integrated DNA Technologies, Coralville, IA, United States). Sequencing was performed using paired 150-end, 150-cycle chemistry on the Illumina HiSeq 4000 (Illumina, San Diego, CA, United States), according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Burrows-Wheeler Aligner (BWA, version 0.7.10) was used for FASTQ files to mapping reads to the human reference genome (GRCh37/hg19). Base calling, QC analysis and coverage analysis was performed with Picard tools-1.124 and GATK software. Variants were then annotated using SnpEff version 4.2. Stepwise variant filtering are as follows: variants that demonstrated >1% frequency in the population variant databases including 1000 Genomes Project, Exome Variant Server (EVS) and Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC) or >5% frequency in our in-house database (based on 150 exome datasets), and intergenic and 3′/5′ untranslated region variants, none splice-related intronic and synonymous variants were filtered, with those located at canonical splice sites excluded. Combined with clinical manifestation and modes of inheritance, Sanger sequencing and DNA-based paternity testing were performed to validate the putative pathogenic mutation for all family members. Sequencing products were analyzed using an ABI 3730xl DNA Analyzer (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA, United States). For DNA-based paternity testing, the IdentifilerTM system and the ABI 3730xL DNA Analyzer (Applied Biosystems) were used to perform multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification and genotyping of PCR products with capillary electrophoresis, respectively. Primer sequences used for validation have been showed in Supplementary Table S1. MutationTaster1, SIFT2, and PolyPhen-23 were used to assess the effect of variants on protein function. Validated variants were classified as pathogenic, likely pathogenic, variants of uncertain clinical significance (VUS), likely benign and benign, based on standards and guidelines of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG). Potential causative genetic variants have been deposited in database of LOVD4, with associated accession numbers ranging from #0000379121 to #0000379127. The clinical characteristics of children with diagnosed ASD and suspected ASD were summarized in Table ​Table1.1. Among the patients with ASD, there were 23 children younger than 3 years, 30 children from 3 to 6 year of age (diagnostic rate = 16.7%) and 12 children older than 6 years (diagnostic rate = 8.3%) and the male/female ratio was 53/12. 41 out of 60 patients diagnosed as ASD with available behavioral assessments had CARS scores ≧37 (diagnostic rate = 7.3%), suggesting a severe autistic behavior. In terms of other clinical phenotypes, DD/ID was the most common comorbidity in both groups of patients with ASD and suspected ASD. A variety of neurological and non-neurological deficits were exhibit among patients with ASD, including DD/ID (n = 45, diagnostic rate = 13.3%), seizures (n = 2, diagnostic rate = 50.0%), craniofacial anomalies (n = 5, diagnostic rate = 40.0%), etc. (Table ​(Table11). WES was performed among 80 trios with diagnosed or suspected ASD. Quality control of sequencing showed that 97.8% of the reads were mapped to the reference genome, and 97.7% of the targeted regions were covered by ≧10X reads with enough average depth (138X) (Supplementary Table S2). And details of QC (the depth, the coverage and the target regions covered by ≧10X reads) were shown in Figure. Potential causative variants were subsequently confirmed by Sanger sequencing. A conclusive genetic diagnosis were obtained in seven of 80 children identified by WES, corresponding to an overall diagnostic yield of 8.8% (9.2% in the group of ASD and 6.7% in the group of suspected ASD). We detected and validated a total of seven variants and each was identified in a different gene (Table ​(Table2).2). Based on the distribution of the confirmed variants, frameshift were the most common (3/7), followed by the missense (2/7), stop gained (1/7) and start lost variants (1/7). Among the causative variants, the presumed mode of inheritance was autosomal dominant in 71.4% (71.4% de novo), and X-linked in 28.6% (14.3% de novo and 14.3% inherited). De novo mutations accounted for 85.7% (six of seven) of the overall molecular diagnoses. Among patients with diagnosed ASD, all of identified de novo SNVs and indels were loss of function (LOF) variations and were slightly more frequent among female (male vs. female: 7.3% vs. 8.5%). In addition, all of patients with diagnosed ASD revealed to carry de novo LOF variations were co-occurring with DD/ID. A de novo missense variation was identified in one patient with suspected ASD. In total, seven genes (CHD8, AFF2, ADNP, POGZ, SHANK3, IL1RAPL1, and PTEN) with presumed pathogenic variations were identified in this study. The discovery of WES makes both early clinical detection and genetic counseling possible in various ways among four of seven probands with a conclusive molecular diagnosis. In addition to the following up for ASD based on the risk genes, these patients received further workup of systemic involvement in this cohort. For example, developmental and behavioral evaluation were conducted in the patients with variants of AFF2 and IL1RAPL1, respectively; seizures, short stature, abnormalities of skeleton system, eye, ear, brain and gastrointestinal tract screening, and developmental and behavioral evaluation were implemented in the patient with a de novo SNV of POGZ; hormone deficiency, short stature, obesity, hypotonia, seizures and feeding problems screening were evaluated in the patient with a de novo SNV of ADNP. And correspondingly, medication was changed. Growth hormone was applied in patients with ADNP and POGZ based on the diagnosis of short stature. Brain protein hydrolysate was discontinued in patients with seizures. Two couples with future pregnancy were informed the importance of prenatal testing and preimplantation genetic diagnosis. With the advent of decreasing cost combined with superior efficiency of WES, studies focusing on the contribution of de novo and/or inherited mutations become affordable as well as avoid the potential ‘diagnostic odyssey’ (Bamshad et al., 2011; O’Roak et al., 2011; Tan et al., 2017). In this study, with negative findings of ASD-related CNVs by using CMA, we further confirmed utility of trio-WES for diagnosis among children with ASD or suspected ASD in clinical practice. All de novo and inherited variants with predicted damaging effect were validated by Sanger sequencing in both patients and parents. Genetic etiology was identified in seven of 80 trios with an overall detection rate of 8.8%. Within the diagnosed ASD group, six of 65 (9.2%) patients received molecular diagnoses, which was similar to the results observed among sporadic ASD (8.4%), as well as those focusing on either de novo or inherited variations, ranging from 6.3% to 13.8% (Neale et al., 2012; Sanders et al., 2012; De Rubeis et al., 2014; Dong et al., 2014; Iossifov et al., 2014; Tammimies et al., 2015). An interesting finding emerging from this study implied the importance of completed ASD-related assessments in enabling a higher diagnostic yield among patients with suspected ASD. Our data showed that compared with children with suspected ASD (6.7%), the diagnostic yield was higher among patients with diagnosed ASD (9.2%). Moreover, diagnostic rate seemed high among ASD patients suffering from other neurodevelopmental disorders including DD/ID, suggesting that patients with these comorbidities may benefit more from WES. These findings were supported by the work of Tammimies et al. who recommended WES as a first-tier test for ASD, especially when comorbid with physical and congenital anomalies (Tammimies et al., 2015). To some extent, the relatively higher yield might result from the patients diagnosed and managed in the outpatient. Those who were diagnosed as ASD especially co-occurring with other neurodevelopmental disorders, are more likely undergone etiological testing including WES, given a high suspicion of genetic etiology. The past few years have witnessed increasing studies of ASD trios published, highlighting the role of de novo variants and improving the identification of candidate risk genes for ASD (O’Roak et al., 2011; Iossifov et al., 2014). Given that de novo variation is less frequent and potentially more deleterious, we evaluated its diagnostic rates and effects to determine risk genes. Among children with diagnosed ASD, de novo variations were observed in 83.3% of the patients. Moreover, de novo LOF mutations contribute to 87.5% cases with ASD. Our findings that de novo variations of LOF predominant is contrary to previous population-based studies is intriguing (Iossifov et al., 2012; O’Roak et al., 2012; Sanders et al., 2012). One possible explanation is that ASD patients with other neurodevelopment disorders are prior to be tested by WES in outpatient, and may limit generalizability to the broader ASD population. Another key finding demonstrated here, was that in spite of a predominant male to female ratio (about 4:1), de novo LOF mutations were slightly more enriched in females with ASD. And this finding was consistent with the previous results (Levy et al., 2011; Iossifov et al., 2012). Genetic studies suggest that the strong male bias in liability might be attributed to a female protective effect, in which a higher load of mutations were tolerated by female (Gilman et al., 2011; Levy et al., 2011). An increasing body of evidence indicates that affected female with ASD are more susceptible to de novo SNVs and indels of LOF (Neale et al., 2012; Sanders et al., 2012; De Rubeis et al., 2014; Dong et al., 2014; Iossifov et al., 2014; Jacquemont et al., 2014). In addition to variations mentioned before, large CNVs encompassing more genes and probably more damaging, are especially abundant in affected females (Levy et al., 2011; Sanders et al., 2011; Jacquemont et al., 2014). These findings suggest to us that other underlying factors that have not yet been identified may contributes much more in males than in females. All of genes with presumed causative mutations identified here were previously reported in ASD (Herman et al., 2007; Piton et al., 2008; Nishiyama et al., 2009; Bernier et al., 2014; Colak et al., 2014; Helsmoortel et al., 2014; Stessman et al., 2016; Yi et al., 2016). Six genes (CHD8, AFF2, ADNP, POGZ, SHANK3, and IL1RAPL1) were identified among patients with diagnosed ASD with DD/ID (Piton et al., 2008; Nishiyama et al., 2009; Bernier et al., 2014; Colak et al., 2014; Helsmoortel et al., 2014; Stessman et al., 2016; Yi et al., 2016). In spite of de novo LOF variations detected in SHANK3 and CHD8, patient ASD-685 and ASD-867 presented ASD and DD/ID without other disorders at the age of testing. SHANK3 was a gene encoding a scaffolding protein that is enriched in postsynaptic densities of excitatory synapses (Yi et al., 2016). And CHD8, allelic variants of which are associated with ASD, encoding the protein chromodomain helicase DNA binding protein 8 (Nishiyama et al., 2009), which is a chromatin regulator enzyme that is essential during fetal development (Ronan et al., 2013). At present, the mechanism of the higher incidence in males remains inconclusive, and hormones, sex-specific brain differences or variation on the sex chromosomes were speculated to play a role in. We identified two variants (one missense and one de novo LOF) in two X-chromosome genes (AFF2 and IL1RAPL1). AFF2 whose function is to encode a putative transcriptional activator that is a member of the AF4∖FMR2 gene family, was previously associated with ASD and mental retardation, X-linked, FRAXE type (Colak et al., 2014). And in patient ASD-667 with a missense mutation in AFF2 displayed gastrointestinal disorders in addition to DD/ID. Patient ASD-706 with a de novo LOF variation in IL1RAPL1 showed ASD co-occurring with DD/ID, seizures and craniofacial anomalies. This gene is highly expressed in post-natal brain structures, which functions in the hippocampal memory system, thus suggesting a key role in the physiological processes underlying memory and learning abilities (Gambino et al., 2007). A de novo LOF variation in POGZ was identified in patient ASD-817 with DD/ID and short stature. Interestingly, previous reports showed patients with variation in ADNP often displayed Helsmoortel-van der Aa syndrome (Helsmoortel et al., 2014). However, without obesity and short stature at age of diagnosis, patients ASD-821 harboring a de novo LOF mutation (start lost) in ADNP presented novel phenotype of micropenis and anal stenosis. After genetic counseling, this patient were screened by biochemical tests related to hormone deficiency, short stature and suggested to be followed up in Department of Pediatric Endocrinology/Genetics. There remains one gene (PTEN) with a de novo missense variation was detected in a child with suspected ASD. This child presented typically macrocephaly and DD/ID. PTEN identified as a tumor suppressor is mutated in a large number of cancers at high frequency (Bonneau and Longy, 2000). These results implied that a continuum of neurological and non-neurological disorders that present in varied patterns might result from candidate risk genes by interacting with other factors. To our knowledge, this work represents the first comprehensive analysis in Chinese children with diagnosed and suspected ASD by trio-based WES. Similar to other studies by WES, one of potential limitations is that true causative variants may be omitted as a result of stringent criteria to filter false-positives. Besides, WES has limited ability to detect genomic imbalances and could not evaluate variations located on non-coding sequences. Notwithstanding the small sample size, our study in part contributes to dataset of phenotype and genetic etiology of ASD in Chinese children. Moreover, we confirmed the utility of WES in patients without positive results of CNVs, improving the detection rate in a way. Accordingly, many challenges remain, it’s hopeful for a brighter future of individuals with ASD and their families benefiting from the advantages of WES. In conclusion, WES offers the advantage of early screening of the underlying ASD-related genes when related CNVs were not identified by CMA, providing genetic diagnoses across diverse clinical subgroups and contributing to precision and personalized medicine.
NAA10 dysfunction with normal NatA-complex activity in a girl with non-syndromic ID and a de novo NAA10 p.(V111G) variant – a case report. The NAA10-NAA15 (NatA) protein complex is an N-terminal acetyltransferase responsible for acetylating ~ 40% of eukaryotic proteins. In recent years, NAA10 variants have been found in patients with an X-linked developmental disorder called Ogden syndrome in its most severe form and, in other familial or de novo cases, with variable degrees of syndromic intellectual disability (ID) affecting both sexes. Here we report and functionally characterize a novel and de novo NAA10 (NM_003491.3) c.332 T > G p.(V111G) missense variant, that was detected by trio-based whole exome sequencing in an 11 year old girl with mild/moderate non-syndromic intellectual disability. She had delayed motor and language development, but normal behavior without autistic traits. Her blood leukocyte X-inactivation pattern was within normal range (80/20). Functional characterization of NAA10-V111G by cycloheximide chase experiments suggests that NAA10-V111G has a reduced stability compared to NAA10-WT, and in vitro acetylation assays revealed a reduced enzymatic activity of monomeric NAA10-V111G but not for NAA10-V111G in complex with NAA15 (NatA enzymatic activity). We show that NAA10-V111G has a reduced stability and monomeric catalytic activity, while NatA function remains unaltered. This is the first example of isolated NAA10 dysfunction in a case of ID, suggesting that the syndromic cases may also require a degree of compromised NatA function. Keywords: NAA10, X-linked, XLID, Developmental delay, Intellectual disability, N-alpha-acetyltransferase, Acetylation, NatA. The NAA10-NAA15 protein complex (NatA) is an N-terminal acetyltransferase (NAT) responsible for acetylating (Nt-acetylating) ~ 40% of eukaryotic proteins [1, 2]. NAA10 is the catalytic subunit that NAA15 is docking to the ribosome, forming a catalytically active complex (the NatA complex) that acetylates N-termini of newly synthesized peptide chains as the chain emerges from the ribosomal exit tunnel [3–7]. The NatA complex will acetylate peptide chains with either serine, alanine, glycine, threonine, valine or cysteine as the N-terminal residue after the initiator methionine has been cleaved off by Methionine aminopeptidases [1, 8]. In addition to its role in NatA mediated cotranslational acetylation and propionylation [9], monomeric NAA10 is believed to have NatA independent roles, e.g. post-translational Nt-acetylation of proteins with neo-N-termini [10], acetylation of lysine side chains (K-acetylation) [11–13] and acetyltransferase independent roles such as protein-protein interactions with for instance DNA methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1) or p21-activated kinase-interacting exchange factor (PIX) [14–16]. NAA10 is an essential gene in Trypanosoma brucei, Caenorhabditis elegans and Drosophila melanogaster and essential for normal development in Danio rerio [17–20]. In the years since the human NatA complex was identified and characterized, both NAA10 and NAA15 have repeatedly been associated with different types of cancer, suggesting a role in regulating cell proliferation and survival [21]. In recent years several different NAA10 variants have been linked to rare genetic disorders. In 2011, a NAA10 c.109 T > C p.(S37P) missense variant was identified as the cause of the X-linked Ogden syndrome (the locus for NAA10 is Xq28) [22–24]. The patients affected by Ogden syndrome were all boys from two independent families (5 in one, 3 in the other). Ogden syndrome is associated with severe developmental delay (DD), a lipodystrophic facial appearance, short stature, microcephaly, cardiac arrhythmias and multiple malformations. All of the boys died before 2 years of age. Carrier females of the Ogden syndrome NAA10 variant all have skewed (> 90%) X-inactivation patterns and have no reported phenotypes [23]. Casey and colleagues described a second NAA10 missense variant, c.128A > C, p.(Y43S), in two adult male patients with syndromic intellectual disability (ID), cardiac dysfunction (long-QT interval) and scoliosis, but not Ogden syndrome [25]. The variant was de novo in their mildly affected mother; a female with learning problems and heart disease (long-QT interval and ventricular tachycardia). Her blood leukocyte X-inactivation pattern was balanced. In addition to the two missense variants described above, several NAA10 variants that also affect females have been identified. Esmailpour and colleagues identified a 2 bp splice donor site deletion (c.471 + 2 T > A) in three brothers and an uncle with Lenz micropthalmia syndrome [26], a condition with ID, dysmorphic features and other malformations. Heterozygous carrier females may have mild manifestations [26]. Another NAA10 variant, c.346C > T p.(R116W) was identified both in a female and a male, the latter being more severely affected [27]. In addition four NAA10 missense variants c.319G > T p.(V107F), c.247C > T p.(R83C), c.382 T > A p.(F128I) and c.384 T > A p.(F128 L) have been found in female patients with moderate, severe or profound ID, postnatal growth failure, as well as skeletal and cardiac anomalies [27, 28]. Here we describe an 11 year old female with mild/moderate non-syndromic ID. Whole exome sequencing (WES) revealed de novo occurrence of a previously undescribed NAA10 missense variant c.332 T > G p.(V111G). Functional testing demonstrated a decreased stability of overexpressed NAA10-V111G, decreased monomeric NAA10-V111G catalytic activity, while the NatA catalytic activity remained unchanged. The patient is a girl, now 11 years old, born three weeks preterm by section due to transverse lie, birth weight 2720 g. There were no feeding difficulties in infancy or later. Motor and language development was delayed: she walked without support at age 2½ years, and at age 3 years she said her first words. At age 10 years she knew the alphabet and tried to put letters together. She used diapers until age 8–9 years. Her sleep pattern is mildly irregular with frequent awakenings. Congenital malformations or epilepsy have never been detected. She has normal stature with length along the 25th–50th centile and weight along the 25th centile, but her head circumference has been in the lower normal range (2.5th - 5th centile). Her facial features are also normal - she is not clearly dysmorphic. Behavior is normal without autistic traits, but bruxism is a problem. She prefers the company of younger children. Her intellectual level is judged to be comparable to mild-moderate ID, formal IQ testing has not yet been done. At age 9 years trio whole exome sequencing (WES), comparing child to parental DNA sequences, revealed a de novo NAA10 (NM_003491.3) c.332 T > G p.V111G variant which was further confirmed by Sanger sequencing. In line with other NAA10 missense variants, the V111G substitution affects a highly conserved amino acid (Fig. 1, panels A and B). NAA10 is a 235 amino acid protein which adapts the characteristic GNAT fold common to NAT catalytic subunits. This fold consists of six or seven β strands and four α helices (Fig. ​(Fig.1c).1c). β-strands 2-5 constitute the core of the protein. These four β strands, together with the α2 helix and the β6-β7 loop important for substrate binding, are highly conserved. V111 is located towards the end of the β5 strand, and a valine in this position is highly conserved in NAA10 homologues as well as in several other NAT catalytic subunits for which crystal structures have been solved (Fig. ​(Fig.1c,1c, data not shown (PDB ID: 5K04 (NAA20), 4U9W (NAA40), 3FTY (NAA50), 5ICV (NAA60) and 4LX9 (ssNAT)) [29–33]. The side chain of V111 is forming a hydrophobic pocket together with Y145, M147, L119 and L109. It is also in close proximity (3.7 Å) to the sulphur group of Acetyl-CoA (AcCoA), which could indicate a role for V111 in positioning of AcCoA (Fig. ​(Fig.1d).1d). A glycine in this position will not cause any steric clashes, but loss of the more bulky hydrophobic side chain of valine may possibly cause structural alterations affecting protein stability or AcCoA binding. In order to functionally assess NAA10-V111G, we first expressed His/MBP-NAA10-WT and His/MBP-NAA10-V111G in E.coli, purified enzymes and tested the in vitro NAT activity. Contrary to His/MBP-NAA10-WT, it was difficult to obtain good protein expression of His/MBP-NAA10-V111G, and a substantial fraction of the purified His/MBP-NAA10-V111G molecules eluted in the void volume of the size exclusion chromatography column (Fig. 2, panels A and B). This indicate that parts of the protein aggregate in units larger than 200 kDa, most likely due to an alteration of the protein structure, or reduced protein stability. Enzymes that eluted at a column volume corresponding to monomeric His/MBP-NAA10-V111G were tested for catalytic activity and shown to have an approximately 85% reduction in catalytic activity compared to His/MBP-NAA10-WT (Fig. ​(Fig.2,2, panels C and D). Due to the low expression levels and protein yield of NAA10-V111G from E.coli transfection and protein purification, we transfected HeLa cells with plasmids coding for either V5-tagged NAA10-WT or V5-tagged NAA10-V111G followed by immunoprecipitation (IP) of the overexpressed protein by an anti-V5 antibody. Thereafter, NAT activity in the precipitate was measured. NAA10 and NAA15 form a high-affinity protein complex (Fig. ​(Fig.1e),1e), and as expected endogenous NAA15 co-immunoprecipitated with both overexpressed NAA10-WT-V5 and NAA10-V111G-V5. The amount of NAA10 and NAA15 present in each sample were determined by SDS-PAGE and Western blotting. Bands from the Western blot were quantified, and the measured catalytic activity was correlated with the amount of NAA10-V5 present in the sample (i.e. a mixture of monomeric NAA10 and NAA10 in complex with NAA15 – the NatA complex), and separately correlated with the amount of NAA15 present in the sample (i.e. the amount of the NatA complex only). Results from the IP-activity experiment corresponded well with our previous finding (Fig. ​(Fig.2):2): the ability of NAA10-V111G to acetylate the acidic N-termini EEEI24 was greatly reduced (Fig. ​(Fig.3,3, panels B and C). However, it also revealed a second interesting feature: As can be seen from the Western blot in Fig. ​Fig.3a,3a, more NAA15 co-immunoprecipitated with NAA10-V111G-V5 compared to NAA10-WT-V5. This was also reflected in our NAT-activity measurements where the immunoprecipitated NAA10-V111G-V5 sample showed higher NatA product formation (for the NatA substrate polypeptide SESS24) compared to the immunoprecipitated NAA10-WT-V5 sample when correlating for the amount of total NAA10-V5 present in the sample (Fig. ​(Fig.3b).3b). However, when correlating for the amount of NAA15 present in each sample, the NatA product formation per NAA15 molecule (and thus NatA complex) was approximately equal (Fig. ​(Fig.3c).3c). As monomeric NAA10 has a 1000-fold lower NAT-activity towards NatA substrates compared to the NatA complex [10], the contribution of monomeric NAA10 on acetylation of SESS24 is minimal. Taken together, this suggest that NAA10-V111G has reduced catalytic activity in a monomeric form, but not in complex with NAA15. In order to assess protein turnover of NAA10-WT and NAA10-V111G, we expressed V5-tagged NAA10-WT and NAA10-V111G in HeLa cells and performed cycloheximide-chase experiments. As can be seen from Fig. 4, NAA10-V111G-V5 has a higher turnover rate than NAA10-WT-V5. 2 h after cycloheximide treatment, the average amount of NAA10-V111G-V5 was reduced by approximately 80%, while NAA10-WT-V5 molecules was reduced by 20% relative to the amount of NAA10 molecules before cycloheximide treatment. Although the amount of NAA10-V111G-V5 is drastically decreased after 2 h, the level of NAA10-V111G-V5 seems to stabilize at around 20%. Most likely overexpressed NAA10-V111G-V5 is present both in an unstable monomeric form that is rapidly degraded and in complex with NAA15, which stabilizes the enzyme and protects it from degradation. Whole exome sequencing was performed on trios on genomic DNA isolated from blood. DNA samples were prepared using the SeqCap EZ MedExome Kit (Roche, Bazel, Switzerland) and followed by paired-end 150 nt sequencing on the Illumina NextSeq500. Alignment and variant calling was performed as previously described [34]. Average median coverage of the target region was 207X with 100% of target region covered with at least 20 reads. Data annotation and interpretation were performed using the Cartagenia Bench Lab, NGS module (Cartagenia, Leuven, Belgium). The NAA10 variant was verified by targeted Sanger sequencing. Informed consent was obtained from patient index and family members. Multiple sequence alignments were created using ClustalX [35] and the illustration using ESPript3.0 [36]. Conservation scores, and coloring schemes for the NAA10 model shown in Fig. ​Fig.1b was1b was made using ConSurf [37–40]. The human NatA homology model was created and published previously [23]. In order to study the NM_003491.3 c.332 T > G (p.V111G) missense variant a bacterial expression vector pETM-41/His-MBP-NAA10 and mammalian expression vector pcDNA3.1/NAA10-V5-His were modified by site-directed mutagenesis (Q5® Site Directed Mutagenesis Kit, New England Biolabs) according to the manufacturer’s protocol. In order to study the in vitro catalytic activity of the novel NAA10 variant, recombinant His/MBP-NAA10-WT and His/MBP-NAA10-V111G were expressed in BL21 Star™ DE3 competent E. coli cells for protein purification. Cells were grown to an OD600 of 0.6 and protein expression was induced by adding 0.5 mM IPTG to the LB-media. The culture was incubated overnight at 18 °C to allow sufficient expression of His/MBP-NAA10. The following morning, the culture was centrifuged at 4750 rpm for 20 min to harvest cells and cell pellets were stored at − 20 °C until use. A two-step purification protocol (affinity chromatography and size exclusion chromatography was performed as described [28]) and the purified protein was analysed by SDS-PAGE and coomassie. In vitro DTNB-based acetylation assays were performed to study the catalytic activity of the purified His/MBP-NAA10 variants as described [27]. In short, acetylation assays were performed simultaneously for both His/MBP-NAA10 WT and His/MBP-NAA10 V111G in order to compare their catalytic activity. 500 μM substrate polypeptide, 500 μM acetyl-CoA, 1× Ac buffer, ddH20 and enzyme were mixed to a final volume of 50 μl. In addition, two negative replicates without enzyme were prepared. Samples were incubated at 37 °C on a heating block and the reaction was quenched at different time points by adding 100 μl Quenching buffer (3.2 M guanidine-HCl, 100 mM Na2HPO4 pH 6.8). Samples were then mixed with 20 μl of DTNB buffer (100 mM Na2HPO4, 10 mM EDTA pH 6.8) saturated with DTNB, and the absorbance was measured at 412 nm using an Epoch microplate reader. For each IP experiment, five 10 cm dishes of HeLa cells (ATCC, CCL-2) were transfected with 4 μg NAA10 WT-V5 and eight dishes were transfected with 10 μg of each NAA10-V111G-V5. 6 μg of empty V5-vector was co-transfected with NAA10-WT-V5 to ensure equal conditions for the cells. 48 h post transfection, cells were harvested using a cell scraper, and centrifuged at 1500 x g for 5 min. The resulting cell pellet was washed in 5 ml 1× PBS, centrifuged again and lysed in 350 μl IPH buffer containing 1× protease inhibitor per cell dish on ice for 30 min. The lysed cells were then centrifuged at 17000 x g for 1 min to remove cell debris and the supernatant was transferred to a new tube. 30 μl cell lysate was saved for Western blot analysis. Cell lysates were incubated with 5 μg anti-V5 on a rotating wheel at 4 °C for 2–3 h to allow formation of immune complexes. 60 μl washed magnetic beads were then added to each IP sample and incubated at 4 °C on a rotating wheel overnight to retrieve the immune complexes. The next day, the IP samples were placed on a magnetic holder and 30 μl of the supernatant was saved for western blot analysis. The IP beads were washed 3× in 1 ml IPH buffer and 2× in acetylation buffer. Finally the washed IP beads were resuspended in 95 μl acetylation buffer and were ready to be used in C14 acetylation assays. C14 acetylation assays were performed to assess the intrinsic NatA activity of the immunoprecipitated NatA complexes. Acetylation assays were performed simultaneously for mutant and WT IP samples in order to compare their catalytic activity. Three positive replicates of 200 μM specific peptide (SESS24 or EEEI24), 100 μM unlabeled AcCoA, 100 μM 14C-labelled AcCoA, 10 μl IP beads and dH2O were mixed to a final volume of 25 μl. In addition, two negative replicates without peptide were prepared. The samples were incubated at 37 °C and 1300 rpm on a thermo shaker for 35 min. After incubation, the samples were placed on a magnet holder to isolate the magnetic beads and 23 μl sample was transferred to P81 phosphocellulose discs. The paper discs were then washed 3 × 5 min in 10 mM HEPES buffer followed by air drying on paper. The dried discs were placed in individual tubes, filled with 5 ml scintillation fluid and the C14 signal was measured using a scintillation counter. The IP samples were analyzed by Western blotting (as briefly described above) and the measured activity was adjusted to quantification of corresponding anti-V5 bands. HeLa cells were cultured in DMEM growth medium (Sigma) supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum (FBS) and 3% L-Glutamine and incubated at 37 °C with 5% CO2. Cells were transfected at approximately 60–70% confluence, in the log-phase of growth, to maximize the transfection efficiency. 3 × 4 wells of cells in 6-well plates were prepared per NAA10 variant (WT and V111G). Cells were transfected with 2.6 μg of V5-vector encoding NAA10 WT or V111G using XtremeGENE 9 DNA transfection reagent (Roche) according to the manufacturer’s protocol and DMEM growth medium was replaced 4–6 h post transfection. 48 h post transfection, the growth medium of each well was replaced with 2 ml medium containing 50 μg/ml Cycloheximide. Cells were harvested using a cell scraper at 0 h, 2 h, 4 h and 6 h after the cycloheximide addition. The cells harvested at time point 0 h were not treated with cycloheximide. Harvested cells were centrifuged at 4 °C using the “short spin” function of a Heraeus Fresco 17 centrifuge for 15 s with 17,000 g as the maximum speed and the cell pellets were washed in 1 ml cold 1× PBS, centrifuged again and stored at − 80 °C. In order to analyse NAA10 turnover, cell samples were analysed by Western blotting. Cell pellets were lysed by resuspension in 30 μl IPH lysis buffer (50 mM Tris-HCl pH 8.0, 150 mM NaCl, 5 mM EDTA and 0.5% NP-40, 1× complete EDTA free protease inhibitor) and incubation on ice for 20 min. Cell debris was removed by centrifugation at 4 °C and 17,000 x g for 8 min and the supernatant was analysed by SDS-PAGE and Western blotting as described [25]. In order to visualize NAA10-V5 and β-tubulin, a 1:3000 dilution of primary ab (anti-V5, anti-tubulin) in 1% dry milk overnight at 4 °C with gentle shaking was used followed by a 1:3000 dilution of secondary ab anti-mouse or anti-rabbit (dependent on the primary ab) diluted in 3% dry milk for 1 h at room temperature with gentle shaking. HRP signals were developed using SuperSignal® West Pico Chemiluminescent Substrate (Thermo Scientific) followed by detection, imaging and quantification using ChemiDoc™ XRS+ connected with ImageLab™ v3.0 (Bio-Rad). In recent years the phenotypic spectrum associated with NatA-deficiency has greatly expanded. Several NAA10 variants have been identified, some mainly affecting males [22, 25] and some affecting both males and females [27, 28]. Here we characterize a previously undescribed NAA10 de novo missense change, p.(V111G) in an 11 year old female with mild/moderate ID. We show that NAA10-V111G has a reduced stability and loss of catalytic activity in monomeric form, but most likely remains active and stable when bound to NAA15 in the NatA complex. V111 is positioned towards the end of the β5 strand, with a hydrophobic side chain contributing to a hydrophobic pocket in the core of the protein. Substituting the more bulky hydrophobic side chain of valine with a hydrogen atom only will cause loss of any hydrophobic contacts the valine side chain took part in. In addition, the unique achirality of glycine makes it able to adopt different Cα backbone rotation angles than all other amino acids, possibly increasing the flexibility in these bonds. Although V111 and the hydrophobic pockets surrounding V111 is not in direct contact with NAA15 (Fig. ​(Fig.1e),1e), our results indicate that the increased flexibility and/or reduced stability most likely is restored by NAA15 binding. Several other NAA10 missense variants have previously been found to affect NAA10 protein stability (NAA10-V107F [28], NAA10-Y43S [25], NAA10-F128I and NAA10-F128L [27]). With the exception of Y43, all of these residues are situated in one of the highly conserved β-strands β4, β5 or β6 in the core of the protein. The side chains of V107 and F128 (which were altered in other patients with ID) form a hydrophobic pocket in close proximity to the hydrophobic pocket surrounding V111 [27]. It is therefore conceivable that V111G cause disease through similar mechanisms as V107F, F128L and F128I variants. The phenotypic spectrum of this group of patients is very broad, ranging from learning problems (in a mother heterozygous for Y43S) to severe intellectual disability, heart disease (arrhythmias) and short stature. Females can also have a severe phenotype as illustrated by three females with de novo V107F, F128I and F128L variants, respectively [27, 28]. In contrast, female carriers of the p.(S37P) variant causing Ogden syndrome appear to be normal [23], probably because the missense variant is severe enough to skew X-inactivation at an early stage of development. Saunier and colleagues described seven unrelated females sharing the NAA10-R83C missense change. In five of them, the blood leukocyte X-inactivation patterns were determined. It was normal (balanced) in three, and skewed (92% and 100%) in two. The girl with 100% skewing was the only NAA10-R83C individual without microcephaly or postnatal growth retardation [27]. X-inactivation patterns were also tested in four of the female patients with NAA10 variants affecting the same hydrophobic pocket as V111 [27, 28]. All had random X-inactivation patterns, in line with lack of phenotype rescue by early deselection of cells expressing the NAA10 variants. Our patient had an X-inactivation pattern of 80/20, phase unknown, which is within our defined normal range of 15–85%. Although a lot is known about NAA10 function when in complex with NAA15, the functions of monomeric NAA10 remain disputed. Although an in vivo NAT-substrate for monomeric NAA10 is yet to be found, it has a strong substrate preference for acidic N-termini in vitro and should be capable of catalyzing post-translational Nt-acetylation of neo-N-termini [10]. Monomeric NAA10 has also been described both as a lysine acetyltransferase (KAT) [11–13] and to excerpt functions by stably interacting with other proteins [14–16], although some of these reports remain somewhat controversial. An early finding that NAA10 is acting as a negative regulator of the transcription factor HIF1α through lysine acetylation [41] was for instance contradicted by several reports in the following years [42–44] and more recently Magin and colleagues showed that purified NAA10 exhibits undetectable KAT activity in their assays [45]. In depth studies of the NAA10-S37P causing Ogden syndrome revealed that NAA10 had a reduced capability to form a functional NatA complex, that it had a reduced monomeric NAT activity, and proteomic studies of primary cell lines revealed a reduced level of Nt-acetylation of NatA substrates mainly [23, 24]. It is likely that loss of NatA function is more crucial than loss of monomeric NAA10 function due to the thousands of cellular NatA substrates. Our data suggest that the altered structure and reduced stability of NAA10-V111G mainly affect monomeric NAA10 function, and further that this may be a common feature for several previously described cases of pathogenic NAA10 variants. Defining the exact disease mechanism in cases like Ogden syndrome and other NAA10 related disorders is challenging, and it is not unlikely that it has a pleiotropic nature involving multiple substrates and signaling pathways. More studies are thus needed in order to understand whether NAA10 p.(V111G) (and other pathogenic NAA10 variants) are causing disease due to loss of N-terminal acetylation, loss of K-acetylation, loss of N-acetyltransferase independent functions or through dominant negative effects.
Clinical phenotype of ASD-associated DYRK1A haploinsufficiency. DYRK1A is a gene recurrently disrupted in 0.1–0.5% of the ASD population. A growing number of case reports with DYRK1A haploinsufficiency exhibit common phenotypic features including microcephaly, intellectual disability, speech delay, and facial dysmorphisms. Phenotypic information from previously published DYRK1A cases (n = 51) and participants in an ongoing study at the University of Washington (UW, n = 10) were compiled. Frequencies of recurrent phenotypic features in this population were compared to features observed in a large sample with idiopathic ASD from the Simons Simplex Collection (n = 1981). UW DYRK1A cases were further characterized quantitatively and compared to a randomly subsampled set of idiopathic ASD cases matched on age and gender (n = 10) and to cases with an ASD-associated disruptive mutation to CHD8 (n = 12). Contribution of familial genetic background to clinical heterogeneity was assessed by comparing head circumference, IQ, and ASD-related symptoms of UW DYRK1A cases to their unaffected parents. DYRK1A haploinsufficiency results in a common phenotypic profile including intellectual disability, speech and motor difficulties, microcephaly, feeding difficulties, and vision abnormalities. Eighty-nine percent of DYRK1A cases ascertained for ASD presented with a constellation of five or more of these symptoms. When compared quantitatively, DYRK1A cases presented with significantly lower IQ and adaptive functioning compared to idiopathic cases and significantly smaller head size compared to both idiopathic and CHD8 cases. Phenotypic variability in parental head circumference, IQ, and ASD-related symptoms corresponded to observed variability in affected child phenotype. Results confirm a core clinical phenotype for DYRK1A disruptions, with a combination of features that is distinct from idiopathic ASD. Cases with DYRK1A mutations are also distinguishable from disruptive mutations to CHD8 by head size. Measurable, quantitative characterization of DYRK1A haploinsufficiency illuminates clinical variability, which may be, in part, due to familial genetic background. The online version of this article (10.1186/s13229-017-0173-5) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users. Keywords: Autism, DYRK1A, Genetic syndrome, Genetically defined subtype, Disruptive mutation, Clinical phenotype. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is characterized by tremendous clinical variability and causal heterogeneity. Historical efforts to behaviorally subtype ASD have been largely unsuccessful due to lack of meaningful treatment implications by subtype and inadequate consensus regarding clinical phenotype [1, 2]. Recent efforts have targeted the genetic causes of ASD to explore biologically defined subtypes [3, 4]. Advances in genetic sequencing technology have improved our ability to identify disease-causing mutations [5]. Chromosomal abnormalities, copy number variants (CNVs), and disruptive single nucleotide variants (SNVs), including nonsense, frameshift, and splice site mutations, have been associated with increased risk of ASD [6–9]. Most recently, work relating ASD risk to de novo disruptive SNVs suggests these single point mutations account for approximately 10% of ASD cases [6, 8]. These discoveries have prompted a shift in ASD research; instead of using extensive phenotyping prior to sequencing ASD populations, researchers have begun by identifying genes of interest in affected individuals and then exploring phenotype in specific gene cohorts [10]. The application of this genetics-first approach to subtyping ASD has successfully identified similar medical, behavioral, and dysmorphic features shared by individuals with disruptive variants in high-confidence ASD risk genes, such as CHD8, ADNP, SCN2A, and DYRK1A (e.g., [11–13]). Dual-specificity tyrosine phosphorylation-regulated kinase 1A, or DYRK1A, is a highly conserved gene in the Down syndrome critical region of chromosome 21 [6, 14], and appears to play a major role in brain development, specifically neurogenesis, neural plasticity, and cellular death [15]. DYRK1A haploinsufficiency was initially identified for its role in intellectual disability, which is clinically defined as childhood onset of significant cognitive and adaptive impairment [16]. Recurrent disruptions to DYRK1A have been found in as many as 0.5% of cases with ASD [14, 17]. In Drosophila models, truncating mutations to DYRK1A (Drosophila ortholog termed the Minibrain (Mnb) gene) result in microcephaly, including intact but smaller brain structures [18]. Dyrk1A-null mouse models (−/−) displayed growth deficiencies resulting in mid-gestational death [19]. Mice heterozygous for Dyrk1A (+/−) survived to adulthood but presented with reduced growth, developmental delays, motor and learning difficulties, and atypical behaviors, including anxiety [19, 20]. A consistent clinical phenotype appears in humans. Reported cases to date have exhibited microcephaly and intellectual disability; other features, including seizures, speech and motor delays, feeding difficulties, and distinct facial dysmorphology, have been noted as well [13, 15, 21–24]. Studies relying on medical record review have reported ASD diagnoses in up to 40% of cases with DYRK1A mutations, but many remaining cases have features consistent with ASD, such as stereotypies, reduced eye contact, and social anxiety [15, 21]. Few studies have conducted diagnostic evaluations of ASD and ASD-related symptoms as part of a clinical phenotyping battery. Diagnostic rates may be as high as 88% when ASD is directly evaluated as part of the study assessment process [13]. Literature on DYRK1A haploinsufficiency supports its association with ASD risk and suggests a complex phenotype that includes distinct dysmorphology as well as cognitive, neurological, and medical impairments. However, studies to date have only reported categorical descriptions of phenotype, which note the presence or absence of a common phenotype, such as ASD or no ASD. Quantitative assessments of ASD-related features in large cohorts and in relation to other ASD cohorts have not been examined. While previously published reports have noted an emerging phenotypic profile, variability in clinical presentation remains. Measurable data on medical, developmental, and behavioral characteristics are needed to better understand small variations in phenotype between individuals. Furthermore, varied clinical presentations of individuals with DYRK1A mutations have yet to be examined in the context of their familial phenotypic profile as a measure of remaining genetic background. This approach has been applied to other developmental disorders and to CNVs associated with ASD, but has yet to be applied to disruptive SNVs associated with ASD [25–28]. The aim of the proposed study was to examine a large cohort of cases with DYRK1A mutations, provide a summary of phenotype, and compare recurrent medical and behavioral features to (1) large idiopathic ASD samples and (2) a cohort with disruptive mutations to a different ASD-associated gene, CHD8. Alongside DYRK1A, CHD8 is one of the most recurrent genes with disruptive SNVs implicated in ASD and provides a comparison group ascertained in the same way as the cases with DYRK1A mutations in this sample [6, 8]. Detection of phenotypic differences between these two groups could inform understanding of different biological profiles of ASD and illuminate key features unique to each disrupted gene. This study also explored the contribution of genetic background to phenotypic variability among individuals with disruptive DYRK1A mutations. Participants included 42 individuals with de novo, disruptive, pathogenic SNVs (nonsense, splice site, frameshift, and missense mutations) at the DYRK1A gene. (Fig. 1; see Additional files 1 and 2 for full variant information). The sample includes 10 individuals assessed as part of an ongoing study at the University of Washington (UW), including 7 new cases identified through clinical genetic testing and 3 previously published cases recruited from the Simons Simplex Collection (see below). In addition to the 3 previously published cases studied at UW, 32 other previously published cases with disruptive SNVs were included in the sample. All subjects were identified via clinical exome sequencing, or exome or targeted sequencing of research cohorts ascertained for a diagnosis of ASD or ID. Those seen at UW (UW-SNV group; n = 9 de novo and n = 1 non-maternal; see Table 1 for variant information [29]) completed standardized behavioral measures and medical evaluations by clinicians naïve to gene group membership as part of a study evaluating individuals ages four and older with ASD-associated, disruptive mutations. Biological parents of the participants were also characterized. Thirty-two previously published cases of DYRK1A disruptive SNVs (Pub-SNV group) included 31 de novo cases and 1 non-maternal case [13, 15, 21, 22, 30–32] with available medical history, physical features, and diagnoses. Additionally, the phenotype of 19 previously published cases of de novo DYRK1A chromosomal rearrangements (Pub-CHR group), including microdeletions and translocations, was described and compared to those with disruptive SNVs [21, 24, 33–39]. See Table 2 for participant characteristics for the 61 total DYRK1A sample participants. Secondary data from an idiopathic subset of the Simons Simplex Collection (SSC), a large sample ascertained for ASD, were compared to the DYRK1A sample. The SSC was a cohort of 2446 simplex families including a single proband with ASD age 4–18, unaffected biological parents, and any unaffected siblings [40]. Probands were included in the idiopathic subset (n = 1981) if they had no known disruptive SNVs or deleterious CNVs, as determined by sequencing efforts by Sanders and colleagues in 2015, and not based on any phenotypic or behavioral profile [8]. In order to account for high rates of ID seen in the DYRK1A haploinsufficiency, a subset of the idiopathic group with full-scale IQ below 70 (n = 487) served as an additional comparison group. Also, a randomly selected age- and gender-matched subset (n = 10) of the full idiopathic sample was compared to the subset of DYRK1A cases assessed quantitatively at the UW. As part of the SSC, probands were assessed on measures of neurocognitive functioning, social communication behaviors, motor skills, physical features (e.g., head circumference), and medical history (measures described below). Twelve individuals with disruptive SNVs at a different high-confidence ASD risk gene, CHD8 (chromodomain helicase-DNA-binding protein 8), participating in the same UW characterization study and assessed by clinicians naïve to implicated gene disruption, served as a comparison cohort matched on ascertainment approach. Psychiatric and medical history, developmental milestones, and physiological characteristics were gathered from Pub-SNV and Pub-CHR cases. In addition to published data, supplemental case reports detailing medical history and developmental trajectory were reviewed when available. For UW-SNV study participants, a structured caregiver interview, adapted from the SSC, was administered to gather information about developmental, psychiatric, and medical history. When caregiver-endorsed diagnoses required additional clarification, medical records were reviewed for confirmation. Using all available information, psychiatric diagnoses were either confirmed or newly diagnosed by a licensed clinical psychologist using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition (DSM-5) [16]. For research purposes, subjects were given an ASD diagnosis based on clinician observation and parent interview using standardized instruments (gold-standard assessment tools described below). A diagnosis of intellectual disability was given when a subject displayed childhood onset of deficits in both cognitive and adaptive functioning. When subjects were under the age of 5 and had failed to reach cognitive developmental milestones at the time of assessment, a diagnosis of Global Developmental Delay was given. A physical and dysmorphology exam was conducted by a licensed medical geneticist. Occipital frontal head circumference was measured and standardized values calculated using a normative population reference [41]. Full-scale IQ was assessed in probands and unaffected parents. Probands ages 4 years, 0 months to 17 years, 11 months were administered the Differential Abilities Scales, 2nd Edition [42]. Probands 18 and older, as well as unaffected parents, were administered the Wechsler Abbreviated Scales of Intelligence [43]. For all assessments, IQ scores were generated using deviation (standard; mean = 100, SD = 15) or ratio scores (mental age equivalent/chronological age × 100). Ratio scores were derived using age equivalence values if standard scores were not possible to calculate due to subject’s level of functioning. Caregivers were administered the Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales, 2nd edition (VABS-2) to measure adaptive functioning across communication, daily living skills, and social domains [44]. Research-reliable clinicians administered the appropriate module of the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule, 2nd Edition (ADOS-2; [45, 46]) and Autism Diagnostic Interview-Revised (ADI-R; [47]). ADOS calibrated severity scores, and items regarding age of first words and age of first steps from the ADI-R were used in analyses. The total T score from the Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS-2; [48]) was used to quantify ASD-associated symptoms in all UW-SNV family members. Fisher’s exact tests were used to compare frequencies of features commonly found for DYRK1A mutations across disruptive SNV (Pub-SNV and UW-SNV) and chromosomal rearrangement (Pub-CHR) groups. These features included intellectual disability, speech delay (defined as first words after 24 months of age), motor deficits (e.g., delayed walking, poor coordination, abnormal gait), ASD-related deficits (e.g., ASD diagnosis, stereotypic behaviors, anxious behaviors), feeding difficulties, seizures, vision abnormalities, and microcephaly. The frequency of most common features (defined as present in 75% or more cases) was compared across DYRK1A and idiopathic ASD groups (total idiopathic sample and subset with IQ below 70). Only characteristics specifically noted in case reports were included in analyses; if a phenotypic characteristic was not reported, it was treated as missing for that individual. Total frequencies reflect cases with a reported presence or absence of a given characteristic. UW-SNV DYRK1A participants were compared to (1) a randomly subsampled age and gender-matched subset of the SSC idiopathic sample and (2) a cohort with disruptive CHD8 mutations on domains of functioning assessed quantitatively, including head circumference, IQ, adaptive functioning, ASD severity (ADOS calibrated severity score), age of first words (ADI-R), and age of first independent steps (ADI-R). Independent sample t tests were used to compare the DYRK1A, idiopathic, and CHD8 groups, using the Bonferroni adjustment for multiple comparisons (p < 0.002). Nonparametric Wilcoxon signed rank tests were used to compare parental and proband phenotype for UW-SNV participants in head circumference, IQ, and ASD symptoms (SRS). Gene “effect size,” measured as the difference between parental and proband phenotype, was calculated as follows: When both maternal and paternal data were available, biparental means were calculated as the average of maternal and paternal scores. If only one parent’s data was available, that parent’s score was used instead of a biparental mean. There were no significant differences between disruptive SNV (Pub-SNV and UW-SNV) and chromosomal rearrangement (Pub-CHR) groups on frequency of phenotypic characteristics (Table 3). Language delay was noted for 61/61 (100%); 21 individuals were nonverbal at the time of their evaluation. Intellectual disability and/or Global Developmental Delay (depending on age) were reported in 60/61 (98%) cases. The presence of motor difficulties, including delayed walking, abnormal gait, and poor coordination, was noted for 52/53 (98%). A common abnormal gait was observed across UW-SNV participants, specifically a lilting gait with a forward lean to the upper body, arms bent and held tight against the body, and hands splayed. Feeding difficulties in infancy, including poor suck, were observed in 51/54 (94%) of those with reports of feeding abilities in early development. Microcephaly, defined as head circumference two or more standard deviations below the mean for age, either primary (present throughout development) or acquired at a later age, was reported in 58/61 cases (95%). Vision abnormalities were identified in 34/42 (81%) cases, including impairments such as strabismus, astigmatism, optic nerve dysfunction, and corneal clouding. Febrile and non-febrile seizures were reported in 42/58 cases (72%). Diagnoses of ASD were reported in 18/42 cases (43%), suggesting elevated risk well above the general population percentage of 1.5% [49]. The frequency increased to 42/61 cases (69%) when broadening the criteria to include ASD-related behaviors without a formal diagnosis, such as stereotypic behaviors (e.g., complex motor mannerisms, repetitive and self-stimulatory behaviors), limited eye contact (reported in those without known severe vision impairments), inappropriate laughter, and limited social engagement. Anxious behaviors were reported in 12/44 cases (27%), and hyperactivity was reported in 14/43 cases (33%). Seven of the ten UW-SNV cases were confirmed to have ASD; three who did not meet diagnostic criteria presented with notable stereotypies and socially anxious behaviors. Co-occurrence of the seven most common phenotypic features (reported in 75% or more of cases) was evaluated: microcephaly, intellectual impairment, speech delay, motor difficulties, feeding difficulties, vision abnormalities, and ASD. Fifty-two percent of the total DYRK1A sample (32/61) possessed six or more features. Sixty-nine percent (42/61) presented with six or more features when the ASD category was broadened to include other behavioral difficulties, including stereotypic, anxious, and hyperactive behaviors. Facial dysmorphisms were reported in 50/51 (98%) previously published cases (excluding UW-SNV cases who were previously published, n = 3). Similar dysmorphic facial features were observed in eight UW-SNV cases who participated in a standardized medical exam (five new cases, three previously published), including deep-set eyes with a hooded appearance, slightly upslanting palpebral fissures, bitemporal narrowing, prominent brow with high anterior hairline, tubular-shaped nose, prominent nasal bridge, retrognathic jaw, and small chin (Fig. 2a). Additionally, prominent, low-set, or malformed ears were also reported across cases; 4/8 UW-SNV cases presented with thick, overfolded ear helices (Fig. 2b). Foot anomalies were also noted across patients, including toe syndactyly (webbing of the toes), arachnodactyly, crooked toes, and proximal placement of the first toe (Fig. 2c). Observed commonalities in facial, ear, and foot characteristics in UW-SNV cases were consistent with reports of previously published cases. In the larger sample, spine or chest abnormalities, including pectus excavatum and scoliosis, were reported in 13/25 cases with documented skeletal observations. Rates of microcephaly, intellectual disability, speech delay, motor difficulties, vision impairments, and feeding difficulties were significantly higher in the total DYRK1A group (Pub-SNV, UW-SNV, and Pub-CHR combined) relative both to the full idiopathic SSC comparison cohort and the subset with IQ below 70 (Table 4; Fig. 3). The majority of the DYRK1A group (79%) displayed five or more of these phenotypic features in combination. The percentages and group differences remain in the subset of individuals with DYRK1A mutations ascertained for an ASD diagnosis (n = 18, Fig. 3). Co-occurrence of five or more features increased to 89% in those with DYRK1A mutations ascertained for ASD. Independent sample t tests revealed significant differences between UW-SNV and a matched idiopathic group on measures of head circumference, cognitive ability, and adaptive functioning (Table 5; Fig. 4). The UW-SNV group had significantly smaller head circumference (p < 0.001), significantly lower full-scale IQ (p = 0.002), and significantly lower adaptive abilities (p = 0.001) compared to the idiopathic group. There were no differences between groups on autism symptom severity (ADOS calibrated severity score), age of first words, or age of first independent steps. Outliers across the six phenotypic features of interest represented different UW-SNV individuals, highlighting the variability that is observed when exploring the phenotype quantitatively. No significant differences were found between CHD8 and idiopathic groups. However, UW-SNV and CHD8 groups differed significantly in head circumference (p < 0.001), such that DYRK1A cases had significantly smaller head size than CHD8 cases. IQ, adaptive functioning, autism symptom severity, age of first words, and age of first steps were similar across groups (Table ​(Table5;5; Fig. 4). When comparing parental and proband head circumference Z score, the presence of a DYRK1A mutation accounted for a 2.93 SD decrease in head size for probands. Wilcoxon signed rank tests showed that both mothers and fathers exhibited significantly larger head size, controlling for age and gender, compared to their affected child (Z = −2.67, p = 0.008 and Z = −2.20, p = 0.028, respectively (Fig. 5a)). When comparing ASD-related symptoms, DYRK1A accounted for a 5.51 SD increase in SRS total T score (more symptoms). Wilcoxon signed rank tests showed that both mothers and fathers display significantly lower SRS scores compared to their affected child (Z = −3.62, p < 0.001 and Z = −3.41, p = 0.001, respectively (Fig. 5b)). On measures of full-scale IQ, DYRK1A accounted for a 6.09 SD decrease in IQ for probands compared to biparental IQ. Wilcoxon signed rank tests showed that both mothers and fathers display significantly higher IQ compared to their affected child (Z = −2.67, p = 0.008 and Z = −2.20, p = 0.028, respectively (Fig. 5c)). This study of the DYRK1A haploinsufficiency phenotype, compiling previously published and newly identified cases, confirms a phenotype characterized by microcephaly, intellectual disability, speech delay, motor difficulties, feeding difficulties, and vision abnormalities. A common facial gestalt included deep-set eyes with a hooded appearance, slightly upslanted palpebral fissures, tubular-shaped nose with pronounced broad tip, high nasal bridge, prominent brow with high anterior hairline, retrognathic jaw, and small chin. Dysmorphic feet, including proximal placement of the first toe, syndactyly of the second and third toe, and unusually long and/or crooked toes, and protruding, post-rotated ears with overfolded, thick helices were also commonly observed. Those with de novo disruptive SNVs and chromosomal rearrangements did not differ in clinical features. Of those case studies where ASD was mentioned and/or evaluated, 43% of probands received an ASD diagnosis. Among 15 cases who received gold-standard ASD assessment, rates increased to 73%. Additionally, features common to ASD, such as stereotypic and anxious behaviors, were noted in many cases where reference to an ASD diagnosis was absent. This suggests rates of ASD in DYRK1A cohorts may be higher in reality than reported in the total sample of DYRK1A cases published to date. There are several reasons for the potential underestimated prevalence rate of ASD among published DYRK1A cases. First, most previously published cases relied on medical records, which varied greatly in the detail provided and discussion of comprehensiveness of prior evaluations; as such, it is unknown whether ASD was either evaluated and ruled out, or not evaluated at all. Second, it can be difficult to tease apart symptoms of ASD from those of intellectual disability and speech impairments without specialized training and experience with differential diagnosis within developmental disabilities, particularly in children with complex medical histories. Additionally, establishing an ASD diagnosis may not be the most pressing concern for families (and perhaps providers) given the array of impairments and medical conditions that often accompany children with a DYRK1A mutation. As DYRK1A haploinsufficiency continues to be explored within ASD risk, these factors need to be considered when determining rates in this population. In an effort to situate the DYRK1A phenotype in the context of ASD, we found the DYRK1A group (Pub-SNV, UW-SNV, and Pub-CHR groups combined) exhibited significantly higher incidence of key features compared to those with idiopathic ASD: intellectual disability, speech delay, motor difficulties, vision abnormalities, feeding difficulties, and microcephaly. Frequency of these features also significantly differed between the DYRK1A group and the comparison group with idiopathic ASD and IQ below 70. This is consistent with prior evidence that disruptive SNVs and CNVs often result in significantly more impairing comorbidities than in idiopathic ASD [6, 8]. Notably, when those with DYRK1A mutations who were originally ascertained for an ASD diagnosis were compared to the idiopathic group (also ascertained for ASD), the profile remains the same. This provides further support that the phenotype commonly exhibited in individuals with DYRK1A disruptions and ASD is indeed distinct from idiopathic ASD. The co-occurrence of five or more of these phenotypic features in DYRK1A cases (79% of total sample, 89% of those ascertained for ASD) provides support for further exploration of DYRK1A haploinsufficiency in an individual presenting with concerns of ASD and this combination of phenotypic features. Prior publications of DYRK1A mutation cases have relied on categorical data to describe clinical phenotype. Our exploration of a quantitative phenotype suggested that DYRK1A haploinsufficiency is differentiable from idiopathic ASD by measures of cognition, adaptive skills, and head size and distinguishable from a different ASD-associated gene mutation, CHD8 by head size. It is possible that further phenotypic differences exist which have not been detected by current diagnostic tools given limits to the level of resolution inherent in clinical assessment. Markers relying on quantitative, brain-based measures may reveal gene-specific profiles. For instance, recent work highlights divergent information processing systems for children with 16p11.2 CNVs [50] and children with an early-emerging disruptive SNV [51]. Considering the intellectual disability associated with DYRK1A haploinsufficiency, a passive, noninvasive neuroimaging approach may help illuminate neuroendophenotypes that link the behavioral phenotype to the underlying neural mechanisms. Exploring quantitative phenotype in UW-SNV participants illuminated phenotypic heterogeneity among individuals. While DYRK1A mutations significantly impact functioning in a number of domains, the severity of impairment varied among individuals. Family background may, in part, contribute to this variability. While still exploratory, variability in parental phenotype corresponded with variability observed in probands with DYRK1A haploinsufficiency. Most striking were familial patterns on measures of head circumference. Even with the range of microcephaly, probands with the smallest head sizes were related to parents with smaller head sizes compared to other parents within the UW-SNV group. Physiological characteristics are among the most highly correlated between parents and children in typically developing populations, ranging from 0.5 to 0.7 [52, 53]. Our findings suggest that, even in the presence of a de novo, disruptive DYRK1A mutation, parental phenotype may still impact their affected child’s presentation. Of course, secondary genetic events, embryonic or early developmental influences, and treatment must also be considered as potential factors contributing to the variability. Our findings must be considered in the context of limitations of this study. First, information available for previously published cases varied widely. While some case reports provided detailed record of psychiatric history, others only included medical history, which also varied in its extensiveness. Full assessment history was unknown for previously published cases, raising questions whether phenotypic features left out of a case report were previously ruled out and confirmed absent or were not assessed. These variations highlight the importance of consistency in phenotypic assessment across future DYRK1A phenotype studies to ensure comprehensive and accurate phenotyping efforts. Second, those with DYRK1A mutations who participated in the same quantitative assessment battery remain small in number. Larger sample sizes are indeed needed to better understand the quantitative phenotype of DYRK1A haploinsufficiency and potential variability between affected individuals. Also, while comparison of DYRK1A mutation cases to idiopathic ASD provides important confirmation of distinct comorbidities within ASD, it is important to acknowledge that individuals in the idiopathic group may, with future advances in our understanding of the genetics of ASD, no longer be identified as idiopathic. The idiopathic group analyzed in this study likely represents a population with fewer syndromic features than populations with ASD and other genetic events. Thus, further studies and larger samples of other ASD-associated gene mutations are needed to further distinguish how the DYRK1A haploinsufficiency phenotype differs from that of other disruptive gene events. Future studies of this population should also aim for greater specificity in phenotypic characterization in efforts to better understand DYRK1A haploinsufficiency as a unique clinical profile. Continued study of ASD-associated genes, including DYRK1A, will allow for improved understanding of ASD subtypes and inform future approaches to personalized treatment. DYRK1A haploinsufficiency results in a clinical phenotype which includes microcephaly, intellectual impairment, the presence of vision and motor difficulties, feeding difficulties, language delays, and ASD risk. The DYRK1A profile suggests a potential subtype of ASD. Despite a consistent profile, quantitative assessment highlights heterogeneity in the severity of impairments, with parental phenotype, reflecting genetic background, as a likely contributor to that variability among individuals.
Hyperventilation-athetosis in ASXL3 deficiency (Bainbridge-Ropers) syndrome。 The protein product of the Drosophila additional sex combs-like (Asx) gene was shown to be a regulator, both a suppressor and an activator, of Hox developmental genes. Mammals, including humans, possess 3 Asx orthologs: 2 expressed ubiquitously, while the third, ASXL3, is predominantly expressed in the brain. All 3 are involved in transcriptional regulation of many genes through direct actions or epigenetically via histone modifications. Specific genes regulated by ASXL3 have not been identified. The clinical phenotype associated with heterozygous loss of ASXL3 function was first described in 2013 (Bainbridge-Ropers syndrome; OMIM 615485) and subsequently expanded through a total of 27 patients to date. Key clinical features are as follows: intellectual disability with profound speech impairment, severe early feeding difficulty, autistic behaviors, failure to thrive, severe muscular hypotonia, and a characteristic long face with arched eyebrows, downslanting palpebral fissures, and poor expressivity.3,–6 We describe a new case with a striking phenotype, namely hyperventilation-induced athetosis. The patient is the 16-year-old son of unrelated Korean parents. His birth weight was 3.2 kg. In the neonatal period, he had episodes of apnea, for which EEG did not support an epileptic cause. He subsequently exhibited severe delays in all aspects of development. He walked at 9 years. He is short of stature and has microcephaly (head circumference <third percentile), hypertelorism, and a hypoplastic face (figure, A). He has severe intellectual disability and cannot understand or express any language. He has no eye contact, has never focused on any object, and is considered blind. Brainstem auditory evoked potentials obtained recently were normal. He does not have feeding or swallowing difficulties. Current examination reveals scoliosis and postural instability. He has an ataxic wide-based and staggering gait, which has been gradually deteriorating. He is not presently hypotonic, and motor strength and sensory functions appear to be normal, as are his deep tendon and plantar reflexes. Brain MRI and several EEGs have been normal. Since age 10, the patient has been exhibiting frequent daily episodes of deep and constant hyperventilation. His neurodevelopmental presentation places him at the severe end of the autism spectrum. The hyperventilation escalates with any nervousness, and as it builds, he develops athetotic movements of both upper extremities, especially of the hands (videos 1 and 2 at Neurology.org/ng). The young man also hyperventilates in bed prior to falling asleep again developing the athetoid movements (video 3). Both hyperventilation and movements cease with sleep. Written informed consent was obtained from the family for participation in the study and showing the video recordings. Whole-exome sequencing was performed on the patient's DNA using the Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V5 target enrichment kit followed by sequencing on Illumina HiSeq 2500. Bases were called using bcl2fastq v2.17 and reads mapped to the hg19 reference sequence using the Burrows-Wheeler Aligner backtrack algorithm (v0.5.9). A previously unreported heterozygous substitution-deletion mutation in the ASXL3 gene was identified (NM_030632; exon11: c.1314_1316delinsA; p. S439Rfs*7), resulting in frameshift and predicted premature truncation. Sanger sequencing confirmed the mutation in the patient (figure, B) and its absence in his parents. Specific loci for which transcription is regulated by the ASXL3 are not known, nor which of these target genes underlie the resultant neurodevelopmental outcome. One study in patient fibroblasts identified 564 misregulated genes (approximately half up and the rest downregulated), most of which had known functions in development and proliferation, or were themselves transcriptional regulators, suggesting that ASXL3 may function in upstream modulation of neurodevelopmental regulator genes.2 ASXL3 is clearly critical to brain development, and profound developmental disturbance manifested in patients resulting from the loss of 1 of the 2 copies of the gene suggests haploinsufficiency as the likely mechanism. Athetosis with hyperventilation is seen in the present case; however, only hyperventilation was previously reported in 2 cases.4,5 Hyperventilation in the context of severe neurodevelopmental disturbance is seen in several neurogenetic disorders, including Rett, Joubert, Pitt-Hopkins, and Pallister-Killian syndromes. Recent work in Rett syndrome mice revealed that expression of Mecp2 broadly in the medulla, rather than in any particular medullary nucleus or pathway, is required for normal breathing.7 Similar future work in autopsy and animal models of the other above diseases, and in Bainbridge-Ropers disease, will gradually uncover the pathways, systems, and functions involved in the neurodevelopmental symptoms in affected patients and aid in the understanding of normal brain development and function. Our particular case suggests a neural connection, in the context of ASXL3 deficiency, between pathways of respiration and of motor control.
MYT1L mutations cause intellectual disability and variable obesity by dysregulating gene expression and development of the neuroendocrine hypothalamus. Deletions at chromosome 2p25.3 are associated with a syndrome consisting of intellectual disability and obesity. The smallest region of overlap for deletions at 2p25.3 contains PXDN and MYT1L. MYT1L is expressed only within the brain in humans. We hypothesized that single nucleotide variants (SNVs) in MYT1L would cause a phenotype resembling deletion at 2p25.3. To examine this we sought MYT1L SNVs in exome sequencing data from 4, 296 parent-child trios. Further variants were identified through a genematcher-facilitated collaboration. We report 9 patients with MYT1L SNVs (4 loss of function and 5 missense). The phenotype of SNV carriers overlapped with that of 2p25.3 deletion carriers. To identify the transcriptomic consequences of MYT1L loss of function we used CRISPR-Cas9 to create a knockout cell line. Gene Ontology analysis in knockout cells demonstrated altered expression of genes that regulate gene expression and that are localized to the nucleus. These differentially expressed genes were enriched for OMIM disease ontology terms “mental retardation”. To study the developmental effects of MYT1L loss of function we created a zebrafish knockdown using morpholinos. Knockdown zebrafish manifested loss of oxytocin expression in the preoptic neuroendocrine area. This study demonstrates that MYT1L variants are associated with syndromic obesity in humans. The mechanism is related to dysregulated expression of neurodevelopmental genes and altered development of the neuroendocrine hypothalamus. Intellectual disability is defined by having an intelligence quotient of less than 70 points, and it affects about 2–3 people in every 100. Obesity is defined as having a body mass index of over 30 in adults or over the 95th centile in children. Both of these conditions are major public health concerns in Western countries. Genetic studies have shown that small missing pieces of chromosome (deletions, which remove many genes) and changes to the lettering of genes (which stop the gene from working, mutations) can cause intellectual disability or obesity. Here we identified 9 children with intellectual disability and obesity who have mutations in a gene called MYT1L. This gene is thought to give an important instruction for brain development. To find out what the effect of loss of MYT1L is on brain development we reduced the levels of MYT1L (using a special chemical) in an experimental zebrafish. This showed that loss of MYT1L in zebrafish causes a problem with the development of the hypothalamus, which may explain how MYT1L mutations cause obesity in humans. In the zebrafish there was also reduction of a brain hormone called oxytocin which is involved in thought processes, which may explain why MYT1L mutations cause intellectual disability. We have identified a new genetic condition caused by MYT1L mutations, further study of this gene will help us understand, and treat, intellectual disability and obesity. Intellectual disability (ID) is defined by having a full-scale intelligence quota (IQ) of under 70, causing difficulties with day to day functioning [1]. ID affects 2–3% of people and is a significant public health concern as it is associated with substantial morbidity and mortality [1]. Obesity is defined as a body mass index (BMI) of over 30 in adults or greater than the 95th centile in children (CDC definition) [2]. Obesity affects around 30% of adults in the United States of America and 10–20% of Europeans [2]. Obesity is associated with cardiovascular disease and certain cancers [2]. Copy number variants (CNVs) and single nucleotide variants (SNVs) are a well-recognized cause of ID [3]. 10–30% of individuals with ID will have a pathogenic CNV [3]. Exome sequencing can detect pathogenic SNVs in around 30% of people with ID without a CNV [4]. Pathogenic CNVs and SNVs are also found in obesity, usually in association with a syndromic presentation [5]. For example, both CNVs and SNVs of SIM1 are associated with obesity in humans [6, 7]. In SIM1 deletion heterozygous mice there is impaired development of the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus, with reduced melanocortin-4 receptor and oxytocin expression, in association with hyperphagic obesity [8, 9]. Deletions at 2p25.3 are associated with a syndrome consisting of ID and obesity [10,11,12,13,14]. The smallest region of overlap contains the PXDN and myelin transcription factor-1 like (MYT1L) genes [10]. Bi-allelic SNVs in PXDN are associated with congenital cataracts [15]. No CNVs containing only PXDN have been reported in DECIPHER in association with ID. Thus PXDN is not a strong candidate gene for the phenotype associated with 2p25.3 deletions. SNVs in MYT1L have been reported in 2 children with ID [10]. MYT1L is a member of the myelin transcription factor family, which is defined by the presence of a unique cystein-cystein-histidine-cystein zinc finger domain [16]. MYT1L is a pro-neuronal transcription factor, and, in combination with other transcription factors can re-program fibroblasts into neurons [17]. In vitro studies indicate that MYT1L functions as a transcriptional repressor [16]. The role of MYT1L in brain development is not well understood. However, myelin transcription factor-1 (MYT1) has been shown to repress transcription in neuronal progenitor cells, hence blocking Notch signaling and promoting neuronal differentiation [18]. Based upon its biological function MYT1L is a strong candidate gene for ID. Within certain deletion regions, there are single genes in which SNVs recapitulate the deletion phenotype. For example, we recently demonstrated that 2p25.2 deletions and SNVs in SOX11 present with Coffin-Siris syndrome [19]. Here we utilized exome-sequencing data from 4,296 parent-child trios in the Deciphering Developmental Disorders (DDD) study to demonstrate that SNVs in MYT1L are associated with a phenotype resembling that of 2p25.3 deletions with ID and obesity [4]. Through gene expression profiling of an MYT1L null cell line we show that MYT1L regulates a network of transcription factors involved in neurodevelopmental disorders. Knockdown of MYT1L orthologues in zebrafish resulted in altered hypothalamic oxytocin expression, providing a potential mechanism for the obesity phenotype in humans. We identified 4 individuals with heterozygous de novo MYT1L variants through trio exome sequencing performed as part of the Deciphering Developmental Disorders study and an additional 5 individuals with heterozygous de novo MYT1L variants through a genematcher facilitated collaboration (https://genematcher.org/)[20]. Table 1 and Fig 1 summarize the clinical and genetic findings. Patient 1 (DECIPHER ID 268494) is a 10 year old girl with intellectual disability and autism. She was born at 31 weeks of gestation with bilateral talipes equinovarus and camptodactyly of the ring and middle fingers. Up until 5 years of age she had troublesome gastro-esophageal reflux. She first sat at 12 months old. From age 6 years she could take single steps with support. She requires a wheelchair and has never walked independently. She first said single words at 5–6 years old and at 10 years old speaks in simple sentences. She has dysarthria. She has had surgery for bilateral strabismus. Her parents reported hyperphagia and her BMI was greater than the 99th centile. Comparative genomic hybridization (CGH) and SNRPN 15q methylation (for Prader-Willi syndrome) were normal. Exome sequencing demonstrated a frameshift variant in MYT1L (g.1926242CA>C, p.Leu381fs). Patient 2 (DECIPHER 279017) is a 9 year old boy with intellectual disability who attends a special needs school. Pregnancy and birth were unremarkable. He first spoke single words at 15 months. On examination he was noted to have posterior plagiocephaly, 5th finger clinodactyly and an ataxic gait. He was not dysmorphic. His parents described him as having hyperphagia and his BMI was on the 96th centile. At age 9 he wears clothes for an 11–12 year old. CGH was normal and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) demonstrated cerebral atrophy. Exome sequencing demonstrated a missense variant in MYT1L (g.1915795C>T, p.Arg569Gln). Patient 3 (DECIPHER ID 279061) is a 10 year old boy with intellectual disability, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and verbal dyspraxia. He sat at 18 months and walked first at 2.5 years. He first said single words at 4–5 years old. At 10 years old he uses 2 word phrases, but mainly communicates with sign language. He wears glasses for anioshypermetropiic astigmatism. He was described as having hyperphagia and his BMI was on the 85th centile. CGH, fragile X, PWS testing and brain MRI were normal. Exome sequencing demonstrated an MYT1L missense variant (g.1915823G>A, p.His560Tyr) Patient 4 (DECIPER ID 276823) is a 28 year old woman with severe intellectual disability, autism, self-injurious behavior and ADHD. She was born at 42 weeks of gestation with spina bifida. She developed hydrocephalus in the first week of life. She has a ventricular shunt and has required several procedures for shunt blockage. She sat at 18 months. She smiled at 3 weeks. She said single words at 4–5 years. She requires a wheelchair because of spastic paraparesis due to spina bifida. She is not dysmorphic. Her behavior is reported to be challenging, including episodes of biting and pinching, triggered by excessive stimuli such as noise or crowding. She has limited verbal communication, and uses communication aids. She can comprehend short (3 key phrases) sentences. Due to her level of disability she does not request or seek food. However, when given food at mealtimes, she was noted to have a tendency to fill her mouth excessively with food while eating. It was not possible to obtain weight or height. However, she wears UK dress size 22 clothes (equivalent to dress size 20 in United States of America, dress size 50 in Europe and dress size 24 in Australia). CGH was normal. Exome sequencing demonstrated an MYT1L splice donor variant (g.1915791C>T). Patient 5 is a 17 year old woman with intellectual disability and autism. She was born at 41 weeks gestation with no birth complications. Gross motor, fine motor and speech delay was noted at 2 and 4 years old. She is noted to have dyslexia. She was not dysmorphic. She had complex partial seizures from the age of 11 years old. She was reported to have hyperphagia and BMI was greater than the 99th centile. CGH and brain MRI were normal. Whole genome sequencing demonstrated an MYT1L missense variant (g.1921036A>G, p.Leu520Pro). Patient 6 is a 15 year old girl with intellectual disability who attends a special needs school. She first walked at 22 months old and had delayed speech. She was not dysmorphic. She did not have hyperphagia and her BMI was on the 74th centile. CGH was normal. Exome sequencing demonstrated an MYT1L frameshift variant (g.1895856_1895865del, p.Thr741fs). Patient 7 is a 5 year old girl with intellectual disability who required additional help at school. She was born at term with no birth complications. She first sat at 9 months. She walked first at 19 months. She required physiotherapy. She had speech delay, speaking single words after 2 years of age. At 5 years old she had ongoing speech and language delay and was reported to be clumsy. She was not dysmorphic. Eye examination demonstrated hyperopia and strabismus. She had hyperphagia and her BMI was greater than the 99th centile. CGH demonstrated a 20p12 duplication, inherited from her phenotypically normal father. Exome sequencing demonstrated an MYT1L nonsense variant (g.1890345G>A, p.Arg839Ter). Patient 8 is a 3 year old girl with global developmental delay and autistic behaviour. She was born at term with no pregnancy or birth complications. She had global hypotonia during the first few months of life. She had global developmental delay. She first sat at 9 months of age, walked independently at 2 years of age. At age 3 she had not developed speech, but used sign language. At age 3 she was beginning to learn to run. She could draw a line and a circle. She had absence seizures. Her BMI was on the 75th centile and hyperphagia was not present. MRI brain demonstrated thinning of the corpus callosum. Exome sequencing demonstrated an MYT1L missense variant (g.1921025G>T, p.His524Asn). Patient 9 is a 13 year old boy with global developmental delay and ADHD. Pregnancy and birth were unremarkable. Hypotonia and poor sleep were noted in the neonatal period. He first sat at 12 months of age and walked at 22 months. He spoke single words at 29 months of age. At 5 years old he knew 20 words, but had pronunciation difficulties. At 7 years old he knew 50 words and was using 2-word sentences. At the age of 13 he was unable to read, write or count. He attends a special educational needs school. His BMI was on the 68th centile. A next generation sequencing gene panel test demonstrated an MYT1L missense variant (c.1579G>A, p.Gly527Arg). Protein truncating variants (PTV) in developmentally crucial genes should occur less frequently than predicted in individuals without developmental disorders. The expected frequency of PTV in human genes has been reported in the ExAC database based upon parameters such as mutation rates for given nucleotide bases [21]. We identified only a single loss of function variant in MYT1L in the ExAC database (accessed March 2017) [21]. This is compared to an expected number of 33 loss of function variants, giving a probability of loss of function intolerance score of 1.0 (a probability of loss of function intolerance score>0.9 indicates intolerance to loss of function). In addition, 205 missense variants were reported, compared to an expected 402.5 missense variants (Z score = 4.81, indicating constraint on variation). The Provean (median -5.2 [interquartile range -6.0 - -3.85] vs -1.1 [interquartile range -2.59 - -0.43], Mann-Whitney U-test, u = 344, z = -2.96, p = 0.012) and SIFT (median 0.001 [interquartile range 0.005–0.28] vs 0.068 [interquartile range 0.0003–0.003], Mann-Whitney U-test, u = 569, z = -2.61, p = 0.025) scores for the missense variants in our patients were significantly higher than the scores for ExAC missense variants (Fig 2A). This indicates substantial constraint on both PTV and missense variants. This supports a pathogenic role for PTV and missense variants in the reported phenotype. In addition, an in silico model of the structural effects of the MYT1L missense variants indicated that they were likely to interfere with DNA binding (Fig 2B). To examine the hypothesis that haploinsufficiency for MYT1L drives the 2p25.3 deletion syndrome, we compared the phenotype of 2p25.3 deletion carriers with those of MYT1L single nucleotide variant (SNV) carriers. The phenotypes associated with deletion of 2p25.3 were defined by a literature review [10, 11, 12, 13, and 14] and we report an unpublished case (patient 10 in Table 1). The smallest region of overlap contains PXDN and MYT1L. No PXDN SNVs were identified in the DDD exome dataset. Using Fischer’s exact test there was no significant difference between the proportions of deletion or SNV patients with the following phenotypes: intellectual disability, gross motor delay, speech delay, autism, overweight/obese or hyperphagia. This supports our hypothesis that MYT1L haploinsufficiency is central to the 2p25.3 deletion phenotype. Given the phenotype of intellectual disability and predisposition to overweight/obesity we reasoned that MYT1L should be expressed in relevant neuroanatomical structures. We first confirmed that MYT1L expression is confined to the brain and pituitary in humans using the GTEx Portal (accessed March 2017) [22]. We then utilized the Allen Brain atlas to examine the spatial expression pattern of MYT1L in human brain [23]. In keeping with a role in cognition/intellectual disability, MYT1L is expressed at significantly higher levels in the adult cerebral cortex than in the hippocampus, basal ganglia and hypothalamus (Mann-Whitney U-test, P<0.001)(Fig 3A). We could not demonstrate significant expression of MYT1L in hypothalamic structures relevant to appetite and obesity in the adult brain. We then hypothesized that MYT1L might be expressed in hypothalamic structures relevant to appetite and obesity during brain development. Data from the prenatal LMD microarray from the Brainspan atlas of the developing human brain demonstrated that MYT1L was expressed in multiple hypothalamic structures at 15–16 post conception weeks (pcw), with significant reduction in expression at 21 pcw (Mann-Whitney U-test, p<0.001)(Fig 3B). This suggests that MYT1L principally plays a role in hypothalamic development rather than postnatal hypothalamic function. To study the transcriptional consequence of loss of MYT1L function we created a Human Embryonic Kidney (HEK) null cell line using CRISPR-Cas9. Sanger sequencing of genomic DNA confirmed creation of homozygous premature stop codons in MYT1L. Gene expression profiling using the Clariom S array identified 955 differentially expressed genes (2-fold expression change, false discovery rate 2%). Enrichment analysis (using Enrichr http://amp.pharm.mssm.edu/Enrichr/) [24]demonstrated that the differentially expressed gene set was enriched for the Gene Ontology Biological Process 2015 term gene expression (GO:0010467, adjusted p-value 0.00077, Z-score -2.34, combined score 16.77)(Fig 4A) and Gene Ontology Cellular Component 2015 terms nucleolus (GO: 0005730, adjusted p-value 0.0023, Z-score -2.21, combined score 13.43) and nucleoplasm (GO: 0005654, adjusted p-value 0.005853, Z-score -2.08, combined score 11.4) (Fig 4B). The gene set was also enriched for the Reactome 2016 pathways Gene Expression_Homo Sapiens_R-HAS-74160 (adjusted p-value 2.2 x 10–7, Z-score -2.16, combined score 33) and Generic Transcription Pathway_Homo Sapiens_R-HAS-212436 (adjusted p-value 0.01586, Z-score -2.26, combined score 9.35)(Fig 4C). The differentially expressed genes were also enriched for genes from the OMIM disease ontology term mental retardation (p-value 0.045, adjusted p-value 0.38, Z-score -1.32, combined score 1.27)(Fig 4D). This suggests that MYT1L regulates a network of genes that control transcription, and which have themselves been implicated in the etiology of neurodevelopmental disorders. Given the obesity phenotype in patients with MYT1L SNVs we hypothesized that loss of MYT1L function may interfere with development of the neuroendocrine hypothalamus. We sought to explore this by creating a zebrafish knockdown model. MYT1L has two orthologs in zebrafish: myt1la and myt1lb. By using whole mount in situ hybridization (WISH) we demonstrate that both orthologs are expressed diffusely within the zebrafish central nervous system, including the hypothalamus, and not within any extra-neuronal tissues (Fig 5A). This resembles the expression pattern in humans. ANRT2 encodes a dimerization partner required for SIM1 function in hypothalamic development. To examine the role of SIM1-ARNT2 in regulating myt1la/mytl1b we performed WISH for myt1la in the previously described homozygous arnt2hi2639Tg null zebrafish [25]. In the mutant zebrafish myt1la was undetectable in the hypothalamus (Fig 5B). This shows a role for SIM1-ARNT2 dimers in regulating myt1la expression in the hypothalamus. These experiments demonstrate that MYT1L lies downstream of SIM1-ARNT2 in the leptin-melanocortin-SIM1 pathway, and, in turn, MYT1L regulates OXT expression in the hypothalamus. Antisense morpholinos (MO) targeting myt1la or myt1lb, alone or in combination, were injected into zebrafish embryos at the 1- or 2-cell stage. The amount of MO injected was kept constant. WISH using probes against oxytocin (OXT) or arginine vasopression (AVP) was performed. MO targeting myt1la or myt1lb resulted in an almost complete loss of OXT in the neuroendocrine pre-optic area (Fig 5C and 5D). MO targeting myt1la or myt1lb also resulted in an almost complete loss of AVP in the neuroendocrine pre-optic area, but not in the ventral hypothalamus (Fig 5E and 5F). This suggests that myt1la and myt1lb may play a specific role in regulating the development of the neuroendocrine hypothalamus. Here we describe 9 individuals with de novo SNVs in MYT1L. These individuals shared several phenotypic features. All had global developmental delay or intellectual disability. Gross motor delay was present in all, and patient 1 had not walked independently by the age of 10 years old. Patient 4 also required a wheelchair, but this was related to spastic paraparesis secondary to spina bifida. No other individuals with CNVs or SNVs of MYT1L have been reported with a neural tube defect. The spina bifida in patient 4 is likely etiologically unrelated to the MYT1L SNV. Six of the MYT1L SNV carriers were overweight or obese based upon BMI centiles and patient 4 requires a dress size 22, implying obesity. Five of the patients had hyperphagia, but patient 4 did not have sufficient speech development or motor function to ask for or take food. Three had a diagnosis of an autism spectrum disorder. There was no shared, distinctive facial dysmorphology. Two MYT1L SNV carriers have been reported by De Rocker et al: patient 14 had developmental delay, autism and was described as obese (BMI not reported), patient 15 had developmental delay, autism and BMI >97th centile [10]. An autistic male with developmental delay and febrile seizures in association with an MYT1L nonsense mutation was reported by Wang et al [26], however BMI was not described in this paper. There was no significant difference in the frequency of phenotypic features between 2p25.3 deletion and MYT1L SNV carriers. This suggests that haploinsufficiency for MTY1L drives the 2p25.3 deletion phenotype. Our report confirms that CNVs and SNVs of MYT1L are associated with a syndromic presentation consisting of developmental delay/ID, hyperphagia and obesity. The clinical presentation of MYT1L CNV and SNV carriers overlaps with other mendelian causes of obesity. Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) is a well-recognized cause of hyperphagic obesity [27]. The presence of characteristic dysmorphology and hypogenitalism may help differentiate PWS from MYT1L SNV/CNV carriers [27]. Deletions and SNVs of SIM1 are associated with hyperphagic obesity [6, 7], with developmental delay associated with 6q14.1 deletions [7]. Bi-allelic SNVs of leptin (LEP) [28], leptin receptor (LEPR) [29], and pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) [30] are also associated with hyperphagic obesity. LEP and LEPR can be distinguished from MYT1L due to the association of hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism with LEP and LEPR SNVs. Patients with POMC deficiency present with a range of endocrine problems not reported in association with MYT1L variants. There is also phenotypic overlap between certain microdeletion syndromes and MYT1L. Smith-Magenis syndrome (17p11.2 deletion) is associated with developmental delay and variable obesity [31]. Facial dysmorphology, sleep disturbance and self-injurious behavior reported in Smith-Magenis syndrome were not identified in our MYT1L cohort. 22q11.2 deletion carriers have increased rates of obesity [32], and the presence of cleft lip/palate, congenital heart disease or parathyroid disease can permit distinction from MYT1L variant carriers. Our data supports the hypothesis that MYT1L SNVs cause loss of protein function and haploinsufficiency. Data from the ExAC indicated a loss of function intolerance score of one, which indicates that MYT1L is a haploinsufficient gene that will not tolerate heterozygous loss of function variants. Four of the SNVs we report were predicted to be PTV, which would result in loss of protein function. In silico modelling indicates that the 5 missense variants we report would be predicted to interfere with the binding of MYT1L to DNA. Both p.His560Tyr and p.Arg569Gln affect conserved amino acids that directly bind to DNA. These variants are likely to disrupt DNA binding. The p.Leu520Pro variant lies at a protein loop which is crucial for the correct folding of the second zinc finger domain; this missense variant is likely to disrupt protein structure and hence DNA binding. His524 and Gly527 are zinc ligands, and any change will disrupt protein structure. The fact that the phenotypes of 2p25.3 deletions and MYT1L SNVs overlap supports haploinsufficient loss of function of MYT1L as the disease mechanism. By GEP in an MYT1L HEK cell line with homozygous MYT1L frameshift variants, we demonstrate altered expression of multiple genes implicated in regulation of gene expression and transcription. Haploinsufficiency for MYT1L has clear potential to disrupt expression of critical genes during brain development and hence cause a neurodevelopmental disorder. The expression pattern of MYT1L in the human brain reflects the clinical features of individuals with 2p25.3 deletions and MYT1L SNVs. The widespread expression of MYT1L in brain structures relevant to cognition supports a role for loss of function in the etiology of ID. This is in keeping with the fact that the overwhelming majority of ID and autism genes have widespread expression in the cerebral cortex [33]. The expression pattern of MYT1L in human brain also supports a role for the gene in appetite/obesity. MYT1L was expressed in multiple hypothalamic nuclei at 15–16 pcw, with significant reduction in expression at 21 pcw. This leads us to hypothesise that MYT1L may play a role in the development of the hypothalamus, and that MYT1L loss of function may be associated with obesity by impairing development of hypothalamic nuclei. Similar mechanisms operate for other obesity genes such as SIM1 [8, 9]. To investigate a role for myt1la/b in development of the neuroendocrine hypothalamus we generated a knockdown model in zebrafish. Injection of MO against myt1la or myt1lb, alone or in combination, resulted in a severe loss of expression of OXT in the neuroendocrine preoptic area. Knockdown of myt1la/b resulted in loss of AVP expression in the neuroendocrine preoptic area but not the ventral hypothalamus. This suggests that myt1la/b may influence the development of the neuroendocrine preoptic area, but not other regions of the hypothalamus. The neuroendocrine preoptic area is the functional equivalent of the paraventricular nucleus in humans [34]; lesions of which cause hyperphagic obesity [7, 8]. Thus, MYT1L CNVs and SNVs may lead to hyperphagic obesity by impairing hypothalamic development. SIM1, functioning with its dimerization partner ARNT2, regulates the development of the paraventricular nucleus [7, 8]. SIM1 deletion heterozygous mice have hypocellularity of the paraventricular nucleus and hyperphagic obesity [7, 8]. To examine an interaction of SIM1 with MYT1L we performed WISH for myt1la in the homozygous arnt2hi2639Tgnull zebrafish, which has no functional arnt2 and hence disruption of sim1a/b function. The absence of myt1la expression in the neuroendocrine preoptic area demonstrates that MYT1L lies downstream of SIM1-ARNT2 in hypothalamic development. Our experiments also indicate that OXT is downstream of MYT1L. This suggests that loss of OXT may be a final common pathway in genetic forms of obesity, and represent a treatment target in multiple disorders. In summary, we have identified a series of individuals with MYT1L de novo SNVs who present with a syndrome of ID and obesity. Genes involved in nucleosome remodeling, especially those of the neuron-specific Brg1/hBrm Associated Factor (nBAF) complex, have emerged as being central to the pathogenesis of ID [35]. However, MYT1L is not known to play a role in nucleosome remodeling, and GEP did not demonstrate that genetic pathways involved in nucleosome remodeling are dysregulated in MYT1L knockdown cells. This suggests that the ID observed in patients with MYT1L SNVs and CNVs is not related to altered nucleosome remodeling. The mechanism by which MYT1L loss of function results in ID is unclear. Murine studies of MYT1 demonstrate that it promotes neuronal differentiation of neuronal progenitor cells by inhibiting Notch signaling [18]. It seems reasonable to suggest that MYT1L may perform a similar function in the developing brain and that loss of MYT1L function will disrupt this process. The obesity phenotype with MYT1L loss of function is associated with disrupted development of the neuroendocrine hypothalamus in zebrafish, manifested by loss of OXT. This is similar to the effects of SIM1 [8, 9] and POU3F2 loss of function [24], both of which are associated with hyperphagic obesity. OXT is emerging as a key neurochemical in both autism and obesity pathogenesis. Polymorphisms in OXT and its receptor are associated with autism risk, and intranasal OXT improves autism symptoms and imaging abnormalities [36, 37]. OXT treatment reduces food intake in humans and in sim1 mutant mice [38, 39]. In conclusion, we identify MYT1Lmutations as a cause of syndromic obesity, and establish MYT1L as a member of the leptin-melanocortin-SIM1 pathway, with downstream loss of OXT associated with MYT1L mutations a potential therapeutic target.
Novel compound heterozygous ASXL3 mutation causing Bainbridge-ropers like syndrome and primary IGF1 deficiency. De novo truncating and splicing mutations in the additional sex combs-like 3 (ASXL3) gene have been implicated in the development of Bainbridge-Ropers syndrome (BRPS) characterised by severe developmental delay, feeding problems, short stature and characteristic facial features. We describe, for the first time, a patient with severe short stature, learning difficulties, feeding difficulties and dysmorphic features with a novel compound heterozygous mutation in ASXL3.Additionally the patient also has primary insulin like growth factor-1 (IGF1) deficiency. The mutations occur in exon 11 and proximal part of exon 12 and are strongly conserved at the protein level across various species. In-silico analyses using PolyPhen-2 and SIFT predict the amino acid substitutions to be potentially deleterious to the protein function. Detailed bioinformatics analysis show that the molecular defects caused by the two compound heterozygous mutations synergistically impact on two points of the molecular interaction network of ASXL3. We hypothesise that ASXL3 potentially has a role in transcriptional activation of IGF1 involved in signalling pathways that regulate cell proliferation and growth, which could be contributing to short stature encountered in these patients. Keywords: ASXL3, Bainbridge-Ropers syndrome, IGF-1 deficiency. The use of next generation sequencing in children with undiagnosed or unidentified syndromic disorders is becoming more popular in recent years, increasing the diagnostic ability and discovery of novel genes and mutations contributing to novel clinical phenotypes. Bainbridge-Ropers syndrome (BRPS: OMIM #615485) was described for the first time by Bainbridge and his colleagues in the year 2013 [1]. BRPS is caused by de-novo truncating mutations in the additional sex combs-like 3 (ASXL3) gene giving rise to characteristic phenotypic features such as short stature, severe intellectual deficit, feeding difficulties, failure to thrive and cranio-facial features. BRPS has been reported in 27 patients in the literature so far [1–4]. The majority of the patients had frameshift or truncating mutations in ASXL3. One patient has been reported to have a splicing mutation in ASXL3 resulting in BRPS [3]. Bohring-Opitz syndrome (BOS: OMIM#605039) is a developmental syndrome characterised by a severe intellectual deficit, distinct posture and cranio-facial abnormalities, feeding problems and failure to thrive [5]. BOS is caused by de novo truncating mutations in ASXL1, which belongs to the same family as ASXL3 [5]. BOS and BRPS have been found to have some overlap of their clinical phenotypes. We describe, for the first time, a patient, with severe short stature secondary to IGF1 (Insulin Growth Factor 1) deficiency, developmental delay, intellectual deficit, cranio-facial abnormalities due to a novel compound heterozygous mutation in ASXL3 identified by whole exome sequencing. The patient is a 16-year-old Caucasian British boy born at full term following an induction of labour to non-consanguineous Caucasian healthy British parents. The antenatal scans were normal and the birth weight was 4.1 kg (1.84 SDS). He was admitted to the neonatal unit due to respiratory distress. Whilst in the neonatal unit, he had persistent feeding difficulties and required tube feeding. He was noted to have scaphocephaly that required surgical fixation at 4 months of age. He also developed severe constipation from 5 weeks of age requiring daily bowel washouts from 18 months of age and colostomy at 3 years. He had bilateral undescended testes requiring orchidopexy. He has global developmental delay and complex learning difficulties requiring additional support at school. He also has been diagnosed with autism. At 7 years of age, he was referred to endocrinology for assessment of his severe short stature (−4.11 SDS for height, mid parental height: −1.1 SDS, weight: -2.30 SDS). He has dysmorphic features including prominent long nasal bridge and forehead, small lower jaw, thin lips, low set cupped ears, strabismus and down-slanting palpebral fissures (Fig. ​(Fig.1).1). He was found to have a normal growth hormone (GH) response (peak GH 11.7 μg/L) (Normal:>6.7 μg/L) to an arginine stimulation test. He had a bone age delay of 3 years and the IGF1 was persistently low at 4.9 nmol/L (−3.2 SDS). TSH (Thyroid stimulating hormone), Free T4 (thyroxine), ACTH (Adreno corticotrophic hormone), prolactin and cortisol concentrations were all within the normal range. A trial of rhGH (recombinant human ﻿growth hormone) (50 μg/kg/day) for a period of 1 year was ineffective in improving height velocity (Fig. ​(Fig.2a).2a). An IGF1 (insulin growth factor-1) generation test after 33 μg/kg of rhGH did not produce any response. Subsequently, recombinant IGF1 (rIGF1) therapy (mecasermin) was commenced at 12.5 years which resulted in improvement of height velocity to -3SDS (Fig. ​(Fig.2a).2a). He has a normal muscle tone and normal deep tendon reflexes. His cranial MRI scan of brain and spine were normal. The hearing has been normal. The echocardiogram and renal ultrasound did not identify any abnormalities. The plasma amino acids, urine organic acids, pyruvic acid analysis were within the normal limits. CGH microarray did not reveal any copy number changes. Targeted sequencing of IGF1, IGF1R and GHR did not reveal any mutations. Currently, the patient continues to require rIGF1 therapy to support growth. The weight gain continues to be suboptimal (Fig. ​(Fig.2b2b). This study was given favourable ethical opinion by the North West - Liverpool Central Research Ethics Committee (REC Reference: 15/NW/0758) and site study approval was granted by the Clinical Research Business Unit at Alder Hey Children’s NHS Foundation Trust, Liverpool, UK. Informed and written consent was obtained from the parents. DNA was extracted from blood samples of the child and both the biological parents (trio). Exons were captured using SureSelect XT Human All Exon V5 capture library and DNA sequencing was carried out using the Illumina HiSeq4000 at 2 × 150 bp paired-end sequencer. The sequence data were aligned to the reference genome (GRCh37/hg19). The variants present in at least 1% minor allele frequency in 1000 Genomes Project, dbSNP142, and NHLBI ESP exomes were excluded. The predicted deleterious variants included non-synonymous coding, splice site, frameshift, stop gain variants. Two novel heterozygous mutations in ASXL3 [NM_030632.1]: c.2965C > G, p.R989G inherited from the mother and c.3078G > C, p.K1026 N, inherited from the father were found in the patient. The mutations were subsequently confirmed by Sanger sequencing (Fig. ​(Fig.3).3). The mutations occur in exon 11 and proximal part of exon 12(Fig. ​12(Fig.4).4). Multiple sequence alignment visualisation using the UCSC Genome Browser showed that both mutated positions are strongly conserved at the protein level across vertebrates as diverse as lemur, bat, fish and frog, implying that mutation could potentially affect the protein structure or function. In silico analyses using PolyPhen-2 and SIFT predict the amino acid substitutions to be potentially deleterious to the protein function. Loss of function mutations in ASXL3 in the form of de-novo truncating dominant mutations and splicing mutation have been implicated in BRPS. Here we report for the first time, a compound heterozygous ASXL3 mutation in a patient with BRPS-like features and associated with primary IGF1 deficiency. Pathogenic mutations in ASXL3 have been reported to occur predominantly in exon 11 and proximal part of exon 12. All the described mutations retain the ASXN and ASXH domains. The compound heterozygous mutations in our patient also lie on exon 11 and proximal exon 12, retaining the ASXN and ASXH domains similar to previously described mutations (Fig. ​(Fig.4).4). Both these mutations occur on the conserved ASXM1 domain in ASXL3 (Fig. ​(Fig.4).4). Both the variants are extremely rare and have a population frequency < 0.01, as indicated from the ExAC browser. The synergistic effect of both of these rare mutations potentially contributes to the loss of function of the protein contributing to the BRPS like phenotype. Our patient has multiple dysmorphic features that overlap with those described in previous reported cases of BRPS such as short stature, failure to thrive, feeding difficulties, cranio-facial features, developmental delay and learning difficulties (Table ​(Table11). ASXL3 belongs to the gene family of ASXL genes, the mammalian homologues of Drosophila Asx. ASXL includes three orthologues: ASXL1, ASXL2 and ASXL3 that encode the Putative Polycomb group (PcG) protein that has a role in regulating the homeotic genes (Hox) [6]. PcG proteins can act either as transcriptional repressors or activators of Hox genes [6]. The genes in the ASXL family share a common domain architecture consisting of ASXN, ASXH, ASXM1, ASXM2 domains and a PHD finger, and act by forming complexes with other proteins via methylation of histones [4, 6, 7]. ASXL3 has been implicated in the deubiquitination of histone H2A lysine 119(H2AK119Ub1), a component of the polycomb repressive deubiquitination (PR-DUB) complex [4]. The formation of PR-DUB complex is critical for normal function. ASXL3 interacts with BAP1, a ubiquitin terminal hydroxylase and removes the mono-ubiquitin (Ub1) from the H2AK119Ub1 [8]. Patients with BRPS have been found to have a significant increase in the H2AK119Ub1 in their fibroblasts because of the impaired deubiquitination [4]. ASXL3 has a similar expression pattern in human tissues as ASXL1 but at a relatively lesser levels, which may explain the overlap of some phenotypic features seen in BRPS and BOS [9]. Within the human brain, ASXL3 expression has been found within the white matter, insula, cingulate gyrus and amygdala [10]. The spinal cord, kidney, bone marrow and liver also express ASXL3, but at a lower level when compared to ASXL1 [9]. Detailed bioinformatics analysis suggests a possible molecular mechanism by which the first of the mutations R989G would lead to a functional defect. A scan against the ELM(Eukaryotic Linear Motif) database shows a stretch of amino-acid residues from the position 989 to 997 within the wild-type ASXL3 that matches with an interaction motif (LIG_14–3-3_CanoR_1; Accession ELME000417) that describes canonical phosphopeptide binding motif of 14–3-3 group of proteins. 14–3-3 proteins are important cell regulators [11], best known for their role in cell cycle control. The mutated Arginine at position 989 together with a phosphorylated Serine residue, 3–5 residues downstream are the main determinants of interaction with 14–3-3 proteins. These proteins are also characterised as histone modification readers [12]. This links suggestively to the recently determined role of ASXL3 in histone deubiquitination [4]. According to this hypothesis, mutation of R989 to glycine would prevent the interaction of ASXL3 with an as-yet unidentified 14–3-3 protein, thereby damaging function through impairing its ability to scaffold epigenetic protein complexes [6]. Although the molecular mechanism of the second mutation K1026 N, is unclear it is possible that this mutation affects phosphorylation of ASXL3 through its location within recognition motifs for kinases (PIKK group, motif from 1024 to 1030 or GSK3, motif from 1024 to 1031); The molecular defects caused by the two mutations would specify the disorder additively or synergistically by simultaneously impacting on two points of the molecular interaction network of ASXL3 contributing to its loss of function. The association of primary IGF1 deficiency in BRPS has not been described before. IGF-1 is a 70-amino acid peptide hormone and growth factor that is structurally homologous to proinsulin [13]. In normal individuals, IGF-1 circulates as part of a ternary complex with a molecular weight of 150 kDa. The complex consists of IGF-1, an acid-labile subunit (ALS), and a protein that binds IGF-1 (IGFBP-3). Primary IGF1 deficiency is defined as basal IGF-1 and height of ≤ -3 SDS with normal or elevated levels of GH [13]. The primary action of IGF1 is mediated by binding to its specific receptor, the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R), which is present in many tissues. IGF1R is a receptor tyrosine kinase and binding of IGF1 to IGF1R initiates intracellular signalling. IGF-1 is one of the most potent natural activators of the Akt signalling pathway, which stimulates cellular growth and proliferation [14]. Transcriptome analysis of ASXL3 fibroblasts from patients with BRPS examining the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) has shown that the genes regulating the cellular proliferation are downregulated [4]. IGF1 plays a vital role in activating the Akt signalling pathway, a potent stimulator for cell proliferation and growth [15]. We therefore hypothesise that ASXL3 potentially has a role in transcriptional activation of IGF1 involved in this pathway potentially via epigenetic mechanisms [16], which could be contributing to short stature encountered in these patients. The compound heterozygous mutations potentially contribute to the loss of function in ASXL3, causing a phenotype similar to BRPS. Although with our current knowledge, the molecular interaction between ASXL3 and IGF1 is unclear, it may important to look for IGF1 deficiency in the patients with ASXL3 mutation.
The landscape of genetic diseases in Saudi Arabia based on the first 1000 diagnostic panels and exomes. In this study, we report the experience of the only reference clinical next-generation sequencing lab in Saudi Arabia with the first 1000 families who span a wide-range of suspected Mendelian phenotypes. A total of 1019 tests were performed in the period of March 2016–December 2016 comprising 972 solo (index only), 14 duo (parents or affected siblings only), and 33 trio (index and parents). Multigene panels accounted for 672 tests, while whole exome sequencing (WES) represented the remaining 347 tests. Pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants that explain the clinical indications were identified in 34% (27% in panels and 43% in exomes), spanning 279 genes and including 165 novel variants. While recessive mutations dominated the landscape of solved cases (71% of mutations, and 97% of which are homozygous), a substantial minority (27%) were solved on the basis of dominant mutations. The highly consanguineous nature of the study population also facilitated homozygosity for many private mutations (only 32.5% of the recessive mutations are founder), as well as the first instances of recessive inheritance of previously assumed strictly dominant disorders (involving ITPR1, VAMP1, MCTP2, and TBP). Surprisingly, however, dual molecular diagnosis was only observed in 1.5% of cases. Finally, we have encountered candidate variants in 75 genes (ABHD6, ACY3, ADGRB2, ADGRG7, AGTPBP1, AHNAK2, AKAP6, ASB3, ATXN1L, C17orf62, CABP1, CCDC186, CCP110, CLSTN2, CNTN3, CNTN5, CTNNA2, CWC22, DMAP1, DMKN, DMXL1, DSCAM, DVL2, ECI1, EP400, EPB41L5, FBXL22, GAP43, GEMIN7, GIT1, GRIK4, GRSF1, GTRP1, HID1, IFNL1, KCNC4, LRRC52, MAP7D3, MCTP2, MED26, MPP7, MRPS35, MTDH, MTMR9, NECAP2, NPAT, NRAP, PAX7, PCNX, PLCH2, PLEKHF1, PTPN12, QKI, RILPL2, RIMKLA, RIMS2, RNF213, ROBO1, SEC16A, SIAH1, SIRT2, SLAIN2, SLC22A20, SMDT1, SRRT, SSTR1, ST20, SYT9, TSPAN6, UBR4, VAMP4, VPS36, WDR59, WDYHV1, and WHSC1) not previously linked to human phenotypes and these are presented to accelerate post-publication matchmaking. Two of these genes were independently mutated in more than one family with similar phenotypes, which substantiates their link to human disease (AKAP6 in intellectual disability and UBR4 in early dementia). If the novel candidate disease genes in this cohort are independently confirmed, the yield of WES will have increased to 83%, which suggests that most “negative” clinical exome tests are unsolved due to interpretation rather than technical limitations. The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s00439-017-1821-8) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users. Next generation sequencing (NGS) has ushered in a new era in the delivery of genomic medicine where the genetic diagnosis is no longer limited by the a priori knowledge of the caring physician (Bamshad et al. 2011). The capacity to screen all or a large subset of genes based on broad clinical categories, e.g., developmental delay, rather than a nuanced clinical phenotype, e.g., Malpuech syndrome, has also greatly expanded our knowledge of the relationship between known or putative disease genes and the resulting phenotype (Yang et al. 2013). Indeed, reverse phenotyping is now commonplace in the era of clinical genomics (Alkuraya 2015). The ultimate benefit of improving patient care in terms of precise diagnosis, management and treatment has propelled NGS-based assays to the forefront of modern molecular diagnostics. Much has been learned from large scale NGS studies in the diagnostic setting. They revealed a higher diagnostic yield (usually around 30%) across clinical indications compared to standard approaches, expanded the genetic and allelic heterogeneity of many conditions, and challenged the concept of “atypical” presentations as instances of dual (or sometimes triple) molecular diagnoses in some patients (Posey et al. 2017; Trujillano et al. 2017). However, very few studies focused on highly consanguineous populations, which are known to differ from outbred populations in a number of ways that impact the landscape of disease-causing mutations (Alfares et al. 2017; Yavarna et al. 2015). For example, we have previously shown that the highly consanguineous nature of the Saudi population is biased in the occurrence of recessive, typically homozygous, mutations in diseases that are typically caused by de novo dominant mutations, e.g., severe intellectual disability (Anazi et al. 2016). These characteristics are predicted to increase the sensitivity of next-generation sequencing-based tests, which has indeed been observed in a few studies (Alfares et al. 2017; Yavarna et al. 2015). In March 2016, we launched the first reference lab for NGS-based assays in Saudi Arabia. The tests offered include previously validated multigene panels, as well as standard whole exome sequencing (WES) (Group 2015). The high demand for these tests by clinicians from various medical and surgical specialties across the country represented a unique opportunity to observe the distribution of disease-causing mutations in the Saudi population. This is the largest study to date on the mutational spectrum of genetic diseases in the Saudi population in the diagnostic setting. The unselected nature of tested families and their representation of all regions of the Kingdom, allowed us to infer important patterns of genetic diseases in our highly consanguineous population that are relevant to the wider community of diagnostic NGS labs around the world. All patients underwent testing on a clinical basis with the specific test (panel vs. exome) chosen by their treating physician. A standard informed consent was signed by all patients or their guardians to explain the nature of the test and its potential to reveal secondary findings with the option to decline receiving such findings. Phenotypes were collected as entered by the ordering physician on the requisition forms. For solo tests, only the index was sequenced, while parents were also included in trio tests. Couples who presented with a history of prior affected children were offered duo tests if none of the affected children were available for testing. Duo testing was also rarely requested on two affected siblings. Seven clinically themed multigene panels were offered (neuro, dysmorphology/skeletal dysplasia, renal, inborn errors of metabolism, vision, primary immunodeficiency, and gastrointestinal). The gene content and validation of these panels were previously described (Group 2015). WES was performed using an Agilent Sureselect All Exons V5 (50 Mb) capture kit (Agilent Technologies; Santa Clara, CA, USA) for library preparation. Briefly, DNA was sheared mechanically after which targeted fragments were captured by probe hybridization and amplified before sequencing. An Illumina HiSeq 2500 (Illumina Inc; San Diego, CA, USA) was used for paired-end 100nt sequencing. Sequence alignment, indexing of the reference genome (hg19), variant calling and annotation used a pipeline based on BWA, Samtools, GATK (https://software.broadinstitute.org/gatk/) and Annovar, respectively. Essentially, variants were annotated using a combination of public knowledge databases available from the Annovar package and in-house databases which included collections of previously published Saudi disease causing variants. Autozygome definition solely from whole exome sequence data was undertaken as previously described (Carr et al. 2013). Our previously described in-house variant interpretation pipeline was used (Group 2015). Briefly, each variant was annotated based on 117 tracks that include chromosomal location, zygosity, number of reads for the reference and alternate alleles, quality metrics, presence within autozygome, local and global frequency data, in silico prediction and previous association with diseases based on HGMD and ClinVar (Harrison et al. 2016; Stenson et al. 2017). Our reporting strategy was as follows: we first considered previously reported disease-causing variants and evaluated them for relevance to the patient’s phenotype. If such variants were identified, we independently evaluated them for likely pathogenicity using local and global population frequency data, as well as in silico prediction of pathogenicity. If our evaluation of the variant is in agreement with the previously reported pathogenicity, we reported them as the likely causal variants. If none was identified, we searched for other relevant variants. Again, such novel variants were evaluated for pathogenicity. In the case of apparently loss-of-function variants with compatible population frequency with the disease in question, we reported these as likely causal. However, in the case of missense and in-frame indels, the burden of proof is much higher according to the ACMG guidelines, so these were usually reported as variants of unknown significance (VOUS) and the result was considered ambiguous (Richards et al. 2015). When only one heterozygous candidate variant was identified in a relevant known recessive disease gene, in the absence of a more compelling candidate, we also opted to report this finding as an ambiguous result. When no candidate variants were identified in known disease genes, we considered variants in genes not previously linked to human disease only when biological relevance was suspected based on a number of factors (pathway known to be implicated, relevant animal models or at least relevant expression data). Results involving novel candidate genes were also considered ambiguous. Only results involving pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in known disease genes that explain the phenotype in the correct zygosity were labeled “positive”. Patients who opted to receive secondary information (virtually all) only received pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in the ACMG list of 59 genes recommended for reporting (Kalia et al. 2016). After Sanger validation of the first 200 variants, we identified a quality metric above which SNVs had a 99.5% probability of being a true positive. All subsequent candidate variants (other than indels) above this value were reported without Sanger validation and with a disclaimer explaining the above. All candidate indels were Sanger validated before reporting regardless of their quality value. We report in this study the results of the first 1013 families, all indigenous Arabs (originally from Arabia) referred for testing by our diagnostic laboratory (Table S1). One of the seven offered panels was requested in 666 families (645 solo, 16 trio and 5 duo) while WES was requested in the remaining 347 families (321 solo, 17 trio and 9 duo; 15 had WES after receiving negative panel results, i.e., reflex WES) (Table S1). A positive result was reported in 27% of those tested with panels, and 43% with WES. A breakdown of the diagnostic yield by indication shows marked variability, with the highest yield being multiple congenital malformations in the prenatal setting where the yield was 68%, followed by skeletal dysplasia where the yield was 58% (Table S1). Similarly, duo testing of couples who lost children with a likely genetic diagnosis was associated with a high yield of 50% (83% if novel candidate genes are counted). One notable example is a couple with a history of recurrent non-immune hydrops, one child who died of epidermolysis bullosa and another of osteogenesis imperfecta. Shared carrier status for heterozygous variants in THSD1, ITGB4 and P3H1, respectively, was considered relevant (Table S1). Although we always recommended WES when the panel result was negative or ambiguous, reflex WES only accounted for 4% of the WES samples. Autosomal recessive pathogenic and likely pathogenic mutations accounted for the majority of positive cases (235/332, 71%), and were almost always homozygous (97%). This is consistent with the high rate of consanguinity in this cohort. Among the 482 families for whom information on consanguinity was provided, 376 reported consanguinity (78%). In addition, seven families reported endogamy, i.e., intratribal marriage, but no recognizable consanguinity otherwise. Dominant, presumptive de novo being the rule, mutations accounted for 27% of positive cases, followed by X-linked mutations (2%). In total, pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants spanning 279 known disease genes were identified, 166 of these (43%) are reported here for the first time (Table S1). Of the recessive positive cases, 33% were due to founder mutations (defined as those encountered in other patients or present in the heterozygous state at least once in our in-house database of Saudi variants, which is based on >10,000 Saudi individuals), whereas 67% were private. The frequency of identified pathogenic or likely pathogenic mutations ranged from the most common variant C12orf57:NM_001301837:exon1:c.1A>G:p.M1?, representing 1.5% of all positive cases, to the exceedingly rare, e.g., TRAF3IP2:NM_001164283:exon4:c.200G>C:p.W67S, which represents only the second mutation in TRAF3IP2 in the context of severe eczema (Maddirevula et al., in press) (Table S1). We also observed several instances of biallelic pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in strictly dominant disease genes in the setting of normal parents, e.g., ITPR1 (Table 1). Dual molecular diagnosis was rare and only accounted for 1.5% of exome-sequenced cases (panel-sequenced cases were not included given the inherent limitation of panel testing to comprehensively detect dual diagnosis) (Table 2). ACMG secondary findings were also very rare and were only identified in 1.2% of exome-sequenced cases. On the other hand, carrier status for previously established Saudi pathogenic mutations was observed in a substantial fraction (90%). Pathogenic or likely pathogenic mutations were identified in nine genes with only tentative links to human diseases, thus confirming their classification as bona fide disease genes (Table 3). In addition, our analysis highlighted 75 genes that we propose as novel candidates based on a number of criteria (Table 4). A few such candidates deserve a special emphasis. AKAP6 was mutated in a patient with intellectual disability (16W-0212). Through our internal matchmaking effort, we were able to identify another de novo truncating variant in the same gene in a patient with intellectual disability: NM_004274.4:c.1572_1573del:p.Lys525Glufs30*. Thus, it seems likely that this is a bona fide disease gene for intellectual disability in humans. Similarly, we have identified independent deleterious variants in UBR4 in two families with very early onset dementia (16-2737 and 16-2768). This gene is involved in ubiquitin ligation, a mechanism that is impaired in several neurodegenerative diseases so it seems likely that our analysis has uncovered a bone fide autosomal dominant form of early-onset dementia (Parsons et al. 2015). In 16W-0295 we identified an apparently loss-of-function variant in a gene (WHSC1:NM_001042424:exon13:c.2518+1G>A) long suspected to be the candidate gene for manifestations of Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome, which overlaps significantly with our patient’s features (Nimura et al. 2009). Table 5 summarizes positive cases in which the molecular lesion was unexpected, given the established phenotype for the respective gene. For example, 16N-0149 presented with a CHARGE-like presentation but was found to have a de novo variant in KMT2A, the gene responsible for Kabuki syndrome. We have previously suggested the overlap between CHARGE and Kabuki to be biologically relevant and this has been confirmed very recently by a large study (Butcher et al. 2017; Patel and Alkuraya 2015). Similarly, 16W-0253 presented with progressive spasticity, hyper-reflexia and behavioral changes due to a homozygous truncating mutation in FAM134B. This presentation is different from what has been different in the context of FAM134B mutation, which is a form of hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy characterized by early childhood onset of distal sensory impairment usually resulting in ulceration and associated with variable autonomic features, such as hyperhidrosis and urinary incontinence (Ilgaz Aydinlar et al. 2014; Kurth et al. 2009). With very few exceptions, solved cases were positive for genes not suspected a priori by the ordering physician according to the information provided. Furthermore, the correct molecular characterization of many patients led to immediate implementation of management changes. Examples include a child with maple syrup urine disease who was missed by newborn screening and presented at 6 m of age with failure to thrive, developmental regression, abnormal hair, exfoliative skin lesions and epilepsy (16N-0566). 16N-0616 presented with intellectual disability, which was misdiagnosed as hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy but was found to have a novel startloss PTEN mutation, thus enabling the treating physician to implement active tumor surveillance. 16N-0617 is 2-year-old child who presented with unexplained chronic liver failure with hyperbilirubinemia and was being considered for liver transplant. The finding that he has polycystic liver disease (no cysts were identified on ultrasonography) caused by an autosomal dominant PRKCSH:NM_001289103:exon17:c.1462-1G>C mutation was very helpful in selecting an unaffected donor from his relatives. 16N-0653 was managed for many years with anti-inflammatory agents to treat her “Crohn’s disease” but she was found to have leukocyte adhesion molecule deficiency caused by ITGB2:NM_000211:exon13:c.1756C>T:p.R586 W resulting in a drastically different management. 16N-0703 presented in the 2nd year of life with severe nephrolithiasis and his management was significantly altered when he was found to have autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (PKD2:NM_000297:exon1:c.567G>A:p.W189X), a known risk factor of nephrolithiasis although his very early presentation was unusual (Grampsas et al. 2000). 16W-0247 is an 8-year-old child who was followed for seizures, ataxia and learning disability but the diagnosis of neurofibromatosis type I was missed until exome sequencing revealed a previously known pathogenic mutation in NF1. 16W-0269 is a 6-year-old child who was managed for years as a case of Bartter syndrome but exome sequencing led to a change in management after revealing a pathogenic mutation in SLC26A3 thus establishing the correct diagnosis of chloride-losing diarrhea. 16-2717 is a 2-year-old child whose diagnosis of pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy was missed until revealed by exome sequencing leading to immediate initiation of pyridoxine. Genetic studies on the Saudi population have contributed significantly to the global effort of identifying the causal mutations of Mendelian diseases, particularly in the area of autosomal recessive diseases (Alkuraya 2014). The very characteristics that make this population a significant contributor to the analysis of recessive diseases, i.e., consanguinity and large family size, have also recently been exploited to advance our knowledge of other areas of human genetics research, including dominant disorders (by reclassifying dominant mutations when observed in homozygosity in individuals who lack the reported dominant phenotype) and even common diseases (by identifying Mendelian phenocopies and by challenging or supporting GWAS candidate genes when observed in individuals who are functional “knockouts”, i.e., homozygous for loss-of-function alleles as a function of autozygosity) (Abouelhoda et al. 2016; Monies et al. 2017) (Maddirevula et al., in press). However, despite the wealth of published data on genetic diseases in Saudi Arabia, unbiased data on the overall distribution of these diseases and their genetic landscape are largely lacking. Our molecular diagnostic lab is the sole major referral NGS laboratory in Saudi Arabia. As such, it receives samples from patients with suspected genetic disorders from all healthcare sectors in the country (private hospitals and practices, as well as state-funded healthcare system). This provided us with a unique opportunity to observe and report a wide spectrum of phenotypes from all regions of the country, as well as other countries in Arabia (Oman and Kuwait) in a largely unbiased fashion. In this report, we describe our laboratory’s prospective analysis of families referred for panel or exome sequencing. The unbiased selection of the first 1000 samples has allowed us to derive important conclusions about the nature of genetic diseases in the country. Autosomal recessive disorders, as expected, accounted for the bulk of Mendelian disease burden. This is consistent with several previous reports, including the very recent report by Alfares and colleagues who retrospectively analyzed 454 families that underwent exome sequencing by various commercial labs although they did not provide phenotyping information (Alfares et al. 2017). It is noteworthy that enhanced autozygosity also led to several instances of autosomal recessive inheritance of strictly dominant genes. These cases can improve our understanding of the molecular pathogenesis of the dominant counterpart (Monies et al. 2017). For example, we report two families with a severe congenital myopathy phenotype each with a different homozygous truncating mutation in VAMP1 inherited from healthy non-ataxic parents. This suggests that the dominant spinocerebellar ataxia previously reported in a family with a heterozygous VAMP1 mutation may not be caused by haploinsufficiency as originally suggested but a different mechanism, e.g., dominant negative (Bourassa et al. 2012). Furthermore, the difference in phenotype between the observed recessive and previously reported dominant phenotypes should serve as a reminder that caution is warranted before dismissing variants in genes deemed “irrelevant” to the phenotype in question. These cases also provide an alternative explanation to non-manifesting carriers of clearly pathogenic mutations in dominant genes other than reduced penetrance, i.e., truly recessive inheritance. The predominance of autosomal recessive disorders also allowed us to perform “molecular autopsy by proxy” in families who lost children in the past due to recessive conditions but have no material left to test those children directly. Duo analysis of the parents allowed us to identify the likely causal mutation in the overwhelming majority. The highlighted couple who lost three pregnancies/neonates with three different disorders all of which were identified by duo exome sequencing is an example of the power of this approach. It may be surprising that despite this trend, we have only confirmed dual molecular diagnosis in 1.5% of our cohort. This could be attributed to our methodology (we only considered dual diagnosis if both molecular lesions could be classified as at least likely pathogenic). Secondary findings represent a complicated ethical and practical issue in genomic sequencing. In our analysis, we followed the ACMG recommendations of reporting only pathogenic/likely pathogenic variants in the list of 59 actionable genes (Kalia et al. 2016). Only 1.2% of our cohort received positive results for this class of secondary findings, consistent with previous studies (Dheensa et al. 2016). However, we also opted to report carrier status for a select list of pathogenic recessive mutations that we have previously characterized in our population. Although it is generally discouraged to disclose these results in the pediatric setting, the very high rate of consanguinity in our population prompted us to consider the consequences of not disclosing this information. The carrier status of the index essentially indicates that at least one parent is a carrier, so if the other parent is related then the probability of both parents being carriers of the same mutant allele may not be rare. Thus, we considered this an opportunity to prevent the occurrence of another recessive disease unrelated to the disease being tested by counseling parents about this possibility and offering them the option of being tested for their carrier status. This class of secondary findings was positive in a large fraction of WES cases (90%). The establishment of novel links between genes and diseases remains a priority in human genetics research to enable the molecular diagnosis of all Mendelian diseases in the near future. The final percentage of genes that are linked to Mendelian phenotypes remains a highly contested speculation (Boycott et al. 2017). However, large iterative sequencing efforts from the same population can provide helpful clues in this regard. For example, we have recently reported identification of 35 novel disease genes in the context of developmental delay and intellectual disability in an unselected sample of 337 patients (Anazi et al. 2016). Our identification of an additional 75 novel candidate genes by exome sequencing 348 patients from the same population seems to suggest that the number of yet to be identified genes with mutations etiologic in human disease remains large. We suggest that two of these novel candidates appear to meet the standard cutoff of establishing disease-gene link. Although the phenotype associated with AKAP6 is nonspecific developmental delay and seizures, the phenotype we observe in the two families with different heterozygous variants in UBR4 is highly specific and consists of early onset dementia. The remaining candidate genes will require independent confirmation in the future. It is noteworthy that if all 75 novel candidates are confirmed, this will increase the yield of exome sequencing to 83%, which suggests that most clinical exomes that are reported as “negative” by clinical laboratories are reported as such due to interpretation rather than technical limitations as we have proposed in an earlier work (Shamseldin et al. 2016). In conclusion, this is the largest diagnostic genomic sequencing study of an unselected clinical cohort from Saudi Arabia with suspected genetic disease from a single clinical sequencing lab. In addition to providing numerous examples of phenotypic expansion, we report the first autosomal recessive inheritance of genes that have thus far been linked to human diseases only in a dominant fashion. We add 166 novel variants in known disease genes, and proposed 75 genes as novel disease candidates, two of which are independently mutated in more than one family with the same phenotype. It is hoped that the results of this study will improve the diagnostic yield of genomic sequencing locally and globally.
Analysis of 31-year-old patient with SYNGAP1 gene defect points to importance of variants in broader splice regions and reveals developmental trajectory of SYNGAP1-associated phenotype: case report. Whole exome sequencing is a powerful tool for the analysis of genetically heterogeneous conditions. The prioritization of variants identified often focuses on nonsense, frameshift and canonical splice site mutations, and highly deleterious missense variants, although other defects can also play a role. The definition of the phenotype range and course of rare genetic conditions requires long-term clinical follow-up of patients. We report an adult female patient with severe intellectual disability, severe speech delay, epilepsy, autistic features, aggressiveness, sleep problems, broad-based clumsy gait and constipation. Whole exome sequencing identified a de novo mutation in the SYNGAP1 gene. The variant was located in the broader splice donor region of intron 10 and replaced G by A at position +5 of the splice site. The variant was predicted in silico and shown experimentally to abolish the regular splice site and to activate a cryptic donor site within exon 10, causing frameshift and premature termination. The overall clinical picture of the patient corresponded well with the characteristic SYNGAP1-associated phenotype observed in previously reported patients. However, our patient was 31 years old which contrasted with most other published SYNGAP1 cases who were much younger. Our patient had a significant growth delay and microcephaly. Both features normalised later, although the head circumference stayed only slightly above the lower limit of the norm. The patient had a delayed puberty. Her cognitive and language performance remained at the level of a one-year-old child even in adulthood and showed a slow decline. Myopathic facial features and facial dysmorphism became more pronounced with age. Although the gait of the patient was unsteady in childhood, more severe gait problems developed in her teens. While the seizures remained well-controlled, her aggressive behaviour worsened with age and required extensive medication. The finding in our patient underscores the notion that the interpretation of variants identified using whole exome sequencing should focus not only on variants in the canonical splice dinucleotides GT and AG, but also on broader splice regions. The long-term clinical follow-up of our patient contributes to the knowledge of the developmental trajectory in individuals with SYNGAP1 gene defects. The online version of this article (doi:10.1186/s12881-017-0425-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users. Keywords: SYNGAP1 gene, Intellectual disability, Epilepsy, Splice mutation, Splice region, Whole exome sequencing. SYNGAP1 (synaptic Ras GTPase-activating protein 1) is localised in dendritic spines of neocortical pyramidal neurons. It is a component of the synaptic signalling regulation pathway. In this pathway, the N-methyl D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) is activated by glutamate to allow the entry of Ca2+ ions into the postsynaptic space. This triggers calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) phosphorylation. CaMKII then phosphorylates and activates SYNGAP1 which in turn activates Ras and Rap. This leads to endocytosis of the α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor (AMPAR), a major excitatory neurotransmitter receptor of the central nervous system, and repression of AMPAR trafficking to excitatory postsynaptic membrane [1]. The pathway is the key regulator of synaptic plasticity. While mice with heterozygous knockout of the mouse SYNGAP1 homologue show impaired behaviour and cognition [2], complete deficiency of the gene is lethal [3]. In humans, de novo heterozygous SYNGAP1 mutations cause mild to severe intellectual disability (ID) [4, 5]. SYNGAP1 mutation carriers often have generalised epilepsy, absent or severely delayed speech, aggressiveness, sleep problems and broad-based clumsy gait. About half of the patients show autistic behaviour. SYNGAP1 appears to be one of the most frequently mutated ID-causing genes, with mutations possibly explaining 0.7 to 1% of ID [5]. Mutations were reported throughout the whole gene, with the exception of the most 5′ and 3′ exons. Until now, 45 different point mutations or indels have been described in 47 patients. Out of this, 21 mutations were frameshift, 13 were nonsense, 6 were splicing, 4 were missense and one was both missense and splicing [reviewed in 5]. The SYNGAP1-associated phenotype is most likely caused by haploinsufficiency of the SYNGAP1 gene and its protein product [6]. In this report we describe an adult female patient with a de novo mutation in the SYNGAP1 gene identified using whole exome sequencing (WES). The variant is in the splice donor region of intron 10 but it does not affect the canonical splice donor dinucleotide GT; instead it replaces G by A at position +5 of intron 10. The variant was predicted in silico and shown experimentally to affect splicing by abolishing the regular splice site and by activating a cryptic donor site within exon 10. Therefore this observation underscores the importance of considering variants not only in the canonical splice donor and acceptor dinucleotides GT and AG, but also in broader splice regions. While the overall phenotype of the patient is rather similar to the previously published patients with SYNGAP1 defects, she is 31 years old which contrasts with most other published SYNGAP1 cases, who were much younger. Thus our study contributes to the knowledge of development of the phenotype associated with SYNGAP1 gene defects. The currently 31-year-old female was first seen at our institution at the age of 16 years due to severe ID, epilepsy and autistic features. The previous history of the patient was reconstructed from medical records, photographs and parental interviews. The patient (Fig. 1a-h) was born from an uneventful pregnancy of unrelated healthy parents (at birth of the girl the mother and father were aged 26 and 29 years, respectively). The patient had one older sister who suffered from anorexia nervosa. A paternal cousin of the mother of the patient had Down syndrome, the maternal grandmother of the mother of the patient suffered from multiple sclerosis, and a maternal aunt of the father of the patient had schizophrenia. The development of the patient in the prenatal and perinatal periods was largely normal. The labour was spontaneous in the 42nd week of gestation. The birth weight was 3950 g (97th centile) and the length was 52 cm (75th centile). Postnatal adaptation was uncomplicated, except poor suck. The patient was breastfed shortly and throve on artificial nutrition till two years of age. At around three years of age a period of food refusal started, and the girl ended up on glucose infusions. Till eight years of age such periods repeated at least three times. Since eight years of age she has eaten almost everything, but she did not chew and her dependence on ground food worsened with age. Constipation has been a major problem since the age of one year, with unsuccessful anal sphincter surgery at the age of 14 years. The developmental milestones of the girl have been significantly delayed from the age of six months despite physiotherapy. She stood up at the age of 12 months, and achieved independent sitting and walking without support at the age of 18 months and three years, respectively. Her gait was unsteady with frequent crashes. Currently her posture and gait resemble “crouch” gait with anteflexed neck and increased flexion of the knees, although this wide-based gait with bent knees was not observed till the age of 16 years. Her hands are dystonic and tremor appears with voluntary movement. The speech development started on time. The patient started crooning at the age of three months and pronouncing syllables at the age of 12 months. Later she started to use a few words, but her verbal skills have stopped at the level of a one-year-old child. The patient had significant growth delay. The skeletal maturation and the onset of puberty were delayed by about four years. The first menstrual period occurred at the age of 18 years. In childhood and early adolescence the patient had a gracile habitus and microcephaly. At the age of 16 years her height was 155 cm (3rd centile), weight was 41 kg (below the 3rd centile), and head circumference (HC) was 51.5 cm (below the 3rd centile). At the age of 18 years the height was 162 cm (20th centile), weight was 50.7 kg (12th centile) and HC was not measured because of lack of cooperation. At the age of 28 years the height was 167 cm (48th centile), the weight was 58 kg (45th centile) and the HC was 53.1 cm (11th centile). At the age of two months the patient developed strabism, which was corrected by surgery at the age of 13 months. The facial phenotype in early childhood was not remarkable with a possible exception of full cheeks and larger ears. Later she started to show open mouth appearance and a long narrow face. At the age of 16 years her facial dysmorphism included long hypomimic face, prominent chin, narrow almond-shaped palpebral fissures, long nose with prominent nasal bridge and overhanging columella, open mouth appearance, high arched palate, large upper teeth protruding from the mouth, wide lower lip and large ears. She had long cone-shaped fingers with 5th finger clinodactyly and haluces valgi. Since 28 years of age the myopathic facial features have become more prominent, the face has become longer and more coarse in appearance, and a protuberant chin has been more evident. Currently the patient has her mouth constantly open, with protruding upper incisors, and the teeth are irregularly stored. Dysarthria and hypersalivation are also present. The patient was an irritable baby with back arching and frequent startle reactions. Seizures started at the age of two years. Ictal behavioural arrest with blinking was followed by head drop and fall. She never had any other type of seizures. Topiramate was the most effective drug in controlling the epileptic paroxysms although many other antiepileptic drugs have been used. Since being on topiramate medication, she has been completely free of seizures. EEG repeatedly showed generalized irregular SW discharges. Cerebral MRI at the age of 18 years was normal. She started to show self-harming behaviour at four years of age. She was hitting her head, and later around puberty she started biting herself which led to extensive bruising. Aggression became evident at preschool age and had a tendency to worsen with age. Since the age of 15 years the aggression has become uncontrollable, and the patient has been treated with a series of antidepressants and behaviour-damping medication. Currently aggressiveness appears only occasionally. As an infant she used to wake up several times at night and she continues to have problems with sleep initiation, and has a short sleep time. At the age of five years a diagnosis of autism was first proposed, and later the girl was diagnosed with pervasive developmental disorder, not otherwise specified, with severe ID. Currently, at the age of 31 years, the patient suffers from severe to profound ID and hyperactivity. Autistic features were predominantly observed at the pre-school age. Although they improved with age and currently are less evident, the insistence on sameness persists as well as oversensitivity to certain sounds. On the other hand, the patient likes physical closeness and contact. Karyotyping was performed according to standard protocols. Genomic DNA of the patient was analysed using the Human CytoSNP-12 BeadChips (Illumina, San Diego, CA, USA) according to the manufacturer’s protocol. For WES of the family trio, SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v3.0 (Roche NimbleGen, Madison, WI, USA) was used for exome capture and HiSeq1500 system (Illumina) was utilised for paired-end massive parallel sequencing (see Additional file 1 for details on microarray and WES data analysis). The SYNGAP1 variant and its de novo nature were confirmed by Sanger sequencing of fragments amplified from the DNA of the family trio using primers targeting exon 10 and intron 10. The bioinformatic prediction of the impact of the variant on splicing was performed using programs Human Splicing Finder, MaxEnt, NNSPLICE, NetGene2, ESEfinder, Alternative Splice Site Predictor (ASSP), Splice Port and Cryp-Skip (see Additional file 1 for details on primer sequences and data analysis). RNA was extracted from whole blood of the patient, her parents and normal controls using the PAXgene Blood RNA Kit (PreAnalytiX, Hombrechtikon, Switzerland). RT-PCR was performed using SuperScript III One-Step RT-PCR System with Platinum Taq DNA Polymerase (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA) and primers targeting SYNGAP1 exons 8–9 and 12. The resulting cDNA fragments were Sanger sequenced. Karyotyping and microarray analysis of the patient did not reveal any significant aberrations. WES of the family trio identified a single de novo heterozygous variant in the SYNGAP1 gene (chr6:33406701, hg19, NM_006772.2:c.1676 + 5 G > A) in the patient, which was confirmed using Sanger sequencing (Fig. 2a). The variant was classified as a splice region variant as it affected position +5 of the splice donor of intron 10. The variant was absent in public variant databases. All tools used for the in silico analysis of the effect of the variant on splicing predicted disruption of the donor splice site of intron 10, and two tools which allowed also the prediction of the outcome (Cryp-Skip and ASSP) predicted the activation of a cryptic site in exon 10 (predicted to be 37 bp upstream of the regular site using ASSP) rather than skipping of the whole exon 10 (see Additional file 1 for details). Several much less strong candidate variants inherited by the patient from one of her unaffected parents were also identified and are listed in Additional file 1. RT-PCR experiments with SYNGAP1 cDNA primers detected novel splicing products in the patient which were absent in the parents and normal controls. The variant indeed activated the predicted cryptic splice donor site 37 bp upstream of the regular end of exon 10. Because of the existence of an alternative splice acceptor site in intron 10 located 176 bp upstream of the regular start of exon 11 (which was also predicted using ASSP), two transcripts could be detected in the parents and controls: the regular transcript with a regular junction of exons 10 and 11, and an alternative transcript where the end of exon 10 was joined to the last 176 bp of intron 10 (the alternative start of exon 11) (Fig. 2b-c). The alternative transcript contained a frameshift and a premature stop codon (p.Val560Leufs*34). In the patient, four different transcripts could be detected: the two described above and two which joined the activated cryptic donor site (thus lacking the last 37 bp of exon 10) with the regular and alternative start of exon 11. Both these transcripts also contained frameshifts and premature stop codons (p.Cys547Serfs*7 and p.Cys547Serfs*117). The SYNGAP1 variant NM_006772.2:c.1676 + 5 G > A identified in our patient was the sole de novo variant found in her exome, it was absent in databases of normal genetic variation, and it was predicted and experimentally confirmed to have a disruptive effect on mRNA splicing. This together with the firmly established role of the SYNGAP1 gene in ID and the phenotypic match between our patient and previously published patients with SYNGAP1 defects strongly implicated the variant as causal for the disorder in our patient. The variant affected an intronic position in the broader splice donor region. Contrary to variants in the well-known invariant splice site dinucleotides GT and AG, most variant prioritising pipelines do not assign the highest priority to variants in broader splice regions. The case of our patient clearly shows that these variants can also be detrimental for correct mRNA splicing. Particularly the intronic position +5 seems to be especially important, as the base G usually present in this position is among the most conserved in the consensus sequence of splice donor sites [7]. Based on the conservation patterns [7], at least variants in positions +3 to +6 and −3 to −20 should be explored in the broader splice donor and acceptor regions, respectively. For the assessment of the effect of the variant on SYNGAP1 mRNA splicing we used in silico prediction and laboratory analysis. Both approaches indicated a disruption of the regular splice donor site and activation of a cryptic site within exon 10, leading to frameshift and loss of function of the variant allele. An acceptor site 176 bp upstream of the regular start of exon 11 was also predicted, and the usage of this site was confirmed experimentally both in normal controls and in the patient. Database search indicated that the distal part of intron 10 was expressed also in multiple cell lines from the ENCODE project [8]. The inclusion of this segment results in premature termination, and the biological meaning of this alternative splicing event is unclear. Therefore we could observe a total of three transcripts with predicted premature termination codons, one in normal controls and three in the patient. As our experimental conditions did not block nonsense-mediated RNA decay (NMD) [9, 10], the transcripts seem not to be subject of NMD. This may reflect the fact that the efficiency of NMD in lymphocytes is lower than in other cell types [10]. It has to be stressed that our experiment using peripheral blood lymphocyte mRNA may not fully reflect the expression of SYNGAP1 in the brain. Also, it is not clear if the transcripts with premature termination codons can indeed serve for the production of truncated proteins. Nevertheless, the variant SYNGAP1 allele present in the patient definitely lost the capacity to produce the normal transcript and the full-length protein. Our patient shared many clinical features with previously published patients [reviewed in 5]. While de novo mutations in SYNGAP1 were initially reported to cause non-syndromic ID, later reports described more syndromic cases [4, 5, 11]. The phenotype of our patient supports the existence of a specific SYNGAP1-associated phenotype characterised predominantly by mild to severe ID, epilepsy, severe speech delay, aggressiveness, sleep problems, broad-based clumsy gait, autism and constipation. The development of our patient has also been delayed since infancy, and her motor and speech abilities stopped at the level of a one-year-old child. The seizures (head drops and eyelid myoclonia) were similar to other cases with SYNGAP1 defects and no specific seizure triggers could be revealed. After initial polytherapy, long-term seizure freedom was achieved by topiramate. The behavioural disturbances observed such as restlessness, temper tantrums and aggression were noted also in other patients with SYNGAP1 mutations, just as the sleep disorder (insomnia and frequent night-time awakenings). The gait of our patient was unsteady and she had intermittent tremor and dystonic posturing of her hands. Her face had myopathic features. Constipation has been a major issue in the everyday life of our patient since infancy. Although this feature was not reported among the characteristics in the latest patient series and review [5], earlier cases showed this symptom [11], and our patient supports the association of constipation with SYNGAP1 defects. Genetic testing performed in our patient prior to WES included testing for Angelman syndrome which was also the case of patients reported previously [11]. This may indicate a possible phenotypic overlap and suggest that the SYNGAP1-associated phenotype could be considered a differential diagnosis to Angelman syndrome. We could follow-up the patient till her adulthood and this allowed us to observe the developmental trajectory of her phenotype, contrary to most reports which described much younger patients. Between the age of one year and adulthood there was no sharp regression but rather a continuous slow decline in her cognitive and speech abilities. Autistic behaviour was most pronounced at preschool age and although later it showed some improvement, some symptoms are constantly present. While the seizures remained well-controlled, her aggressive behaviour worsened with age and required medication. Microcephaly which was observed in childhood gradually normalised and after puberty (which was significantly delayed) the HC has been slightly above the lower limit of the normal range. Other growth parameters have also normalised after puberty. With increasing age the facial appearance of our patient has become coarser and the myopathic facies with open mouth appearance and protruding teeth have become more pronounced. The gait problems worsened significantly in her teens. Thus our observations indicate that in our patient the developmental trajectory of the SYNGAP1-associated phenotype continues to show a specific dynamics in adolescence and adulthood.
The Eight and a Half Year Journey of Undiagnosed AD: Gene Sequencing and Funding of Advanced Genetic Testing Has Led to Hope and New Beginnings. Activity-dependent neuroprotective protein (ADNP) is one of the most prevalent de novo mutated genes in syndromic autism spectrum disorders, driving a general interest in the gene and the syndrome. The aim of this study was to provide a detailed developmental case study of ADNP p.Tyr719* mutation toward improvements in (1) diagnostic procedures, (2) phenotypic scope, and (3) interventions. Longitudinal clinical and parental reports. AD (currently 11-year-old) had several rare congenital anomalies including imperforate anus that was surgically repaired at 2 days of age. Her findings were craniofacial asymmetries, global developmental delay, autistic behaviors (loss of smile and inability to make eye contact at the age of 15 months), and slow thriving as she gradually matures. Comprehensive diagnostic procedures at 3 years resulted in no definitive diagnosis. With parental persistence, AD began walking at 3.5 years (skipping crawling). At the age of 8.5 years, AD was subjected to whole exome sequencing, compared to the parents and diagnosed as carrying an ADNP p.Tyr719* mutation, a causal recurring mutation in ADNP (currently ~17/80 worldwide). Brain magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated mild generalized cerebral volume loss with reduced posterior white matter. AD is non-verbal, communicating with signs and word approximations. She continues to make slow but forward developmental progress, and her case teaches newly diagnosed children within the ADNP Kids Research Foundation. This case study emphasizes the importance of diagnosis and describes, for the first time, early motor intervention therapies. Detailed developmental profile of selected cases leads to better treatments. Keywords: activity-dependent neuroprotective protein, case study, mutation, nonsense, motor delays, autism spectrum disorder. Looking at neuroglial interactions, we (Gozes group) discovered activity-dependent neuroprotective protein (ADNP), as a protein secreted from glial cells in the presence of vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), which mediates VIP’s neuroprotective activity (1). Further cloning (2) revealed high conservation and specificity to vertebrates (3). The large human ADNP (hADNP) gene structure (~40 kb) includes five exons and four introns with alternative splicing of an untranslated second exon (chromosome 20q12-13.2, a region associated with aggressive tumor growth). As we described (2, 3), hADNP is also mutated in cancer. Knocking out ADNP in mice resulted in embryonic death at the time of neural tube closure, revealing that ADNP is crucial for brain formation (4). ADNP haploinsufficient mice survive but show learning and memory deficits (5), in a sex-dependent manner (6). At the protein level, we have shown multiple crucial interactions for ADNP including direct binding to the chromatin remodeling complex SWI/SNF and interaction with heterochromatin protein 1 alpha (7, 8). This study was extended to show that ADNP interacts with all HP1 proteins toward histone posttranslational modification (9). At the transcriptional level, ADNP binds to the locus control region of the beta globin gene to regulate globin transcription (10) as well as the promoter regions of apolipoprotein E, cathepsin C, cathepsin Z, metallothionein 1, neurogenin 1, and myosin regulatory light chain 2 (8). At the RNA splicing level (11), ADNP interacts with Brahma, a component of the SWI/SNF complex regulating alternative splicing that shows a similar developmental expression pattern to ADNP. Immunoprecipitations further suggested binding between ADNP and polypyrimidine tract-binding protein-associated splicing factor (PSF), with PSF being a direct regulator of the microtubule-associated tau transcript splicing. Further interaction with the protein translation machinery was shown with the eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E) (6) through direct binding as well as sex and age-dependent regulation. Notably, eIF4E is linked to autism (12). In the neuronal cell cytoplasm, ADNP is critical for neurite outgrowth and maintenance (13) through direct interaction by its SIP motif with microtubule end binding proteins (14, 15). The microtubule system is tightly associated with the autophagy system (16), and ADNP binds the microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3B (17). With these key regulatory functions ADNP controls the expression of >400 genes during embryonic development (8) and of thousands of hippocampal genes postnatally, impacting pathways associated with ion channels-synaptic transmission in a sex- and age-dependent manner (18). From a clinical point of view, an ADNP gene deletion was first implicated in delayed cognitive development in a case study in 2007 (19). Further findings included the first de novo p.Lys408Valfs*31 mutation in the ADNP gene in a large cohort of autistic patients (20). Large-scale sequencing study (21), analyzing 2,446 probands, identified an additional p.Tyr719* de novo ADNP mutation and this is the subject of our current publication. Helsmoortel et al. (22) grouped 10 patients with mutations in ADNP. As all patients suffered from autism with intellectual deficiencies and shared characteristic facial features, it was concluded that mutations in ADNP cause a syndromic form of autism. Two additional patients were further described, sharing the reported characteristics (23, 24). Interestingly, Pescosolido et al. described another case of p.Tyr719* de novo ADNP mutation, suggesting that this is a recurrent mutation. Coe et al. (25) also reported five patients with a truncating ADNP mutation in a screening of 4,716 patients with autism/ID. De Rubeis et al. (26) identified three more patients of a total of 3,871 screened and the DDD project reported four novel cases out of 1,133 screened (27). We have summarized the above in an introductory remark to the story of Tony Sermone, presenting an additional ADNP mutation L349Rfs*49 (28). A short synopsis of the clinical phenotype was recently published (29), additional mutations are discovered and information extended (27, 30–33) and an extensive description is in preparation (Van Dijck et al., in preparation). Interestingly, a recent publication suggested that ADNP is one of three major genes associated with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) (34), complementing the original estimation of the ADNP-related syndrome constituting 0.17% of ASD cases (22). These findings mark ADNP as one of the most frequent ASD-associated genes known to date. Therefore, further understanding of the ADNP-related syndrome is of general interest both from a case study point of view as well as from a population perspective. Here, we chose to present one case study and concentrate, for the first time, on delays in motor development. Longitudinal clinical and parental reports were collected focusing on diagnosis, phenotypic scope, and interventions. Time points of emphasis: birth, 1–3.5 years and 8.5 to date. All materials were given with parental informed consent. Father’s and mother’s age at birth was 32 and 31, respectively. No consanguinity. No affected siblings—parents were carriers of CF. AD was born at 37–38 weeks vaginally (October 1, 2005). She was 50 cm in length and weighed 3.475 kg. Her head circumference was 34 cm. She had Apgar scores of 7 and 8 at 1 and 5 min of life. She was noticed to have low anal atresia and had surgery to repair this at 2 days of age [Table ​[Table11 (A), physical anomalies]. She had significant GERD as an infant and young child. At 2 years of age, AD was diagnosed with autism. AD started sitting at 7–9 months. While her younger brother walked at 1 year of age, she continued to lag severely behind, she could not crawl, walk, or even bare weight to stand on her legs. It seemed that at about 2 years of age, AD’s legs began to show some signs of atrophy, not increasing in shoe size (unlike her siblings), until she began to walk. Currently, at the age of 11, one can still see the disproportion of AD’s small tapered legs from the knees to the feet, compared to the rest of her body. This finding attests to the importance of ADNP in muscle and bone development and to the regulation of key gene/proteins beyond embryonic development (8, 18). AD started walking with a walker at 2.5 years of age, skipping crawling [Table ​[Table11 (B); Figure ​Figure1A].1A]. Walking short distances resulted in skin redness and muscle pain. She began walking independently at the age of 3.5 years. The following year presented daily challenges in her “functional” walking. She often could not stand for more than a few seconds. Climbing stairs was a third milestone, using the strong leg and pushing the weaker leg after. Until about the age of 5, AD had severe muscle tightness that mimicked symptoms of a neuromuscular disorder. The muscle tightness was associated with severe sleep disturbances [Table ​[Table11 (B), last raw]. At 9 years and 3 months, the parents noticed that she had more of a delay with gross motor skills than with fine (albeit both delayed). She walked independently, but with a broad based and antalgic gait [Table ​[Table11 (B); Figure ​Figure1A].1A]. At 10.5 years of age, she was ambulatory and quite flexible with increased range of motion noted particularly in the small joints. Physically, hands were broad, with short and broad fingers and fifth finger clinodactyly. Distal phalanges appeared short and fingernails were spatulate. Feet showed short fourth and fifth toes and deep setting. Toe tip and fingertip pads were prominent [see also Table ​Table11 (A)]. Through parental persistence and AD’s willpower (see treatments below), now at age 11, she is running and riding a bicycle. She still struggles with reciprocating down stairs and is mostly non-verbal (see below). Static encephalopathy of presumed antenatal onset and genetic etiology. Severe global developmental delay (the diagnosis of intellectual disability is typically not made at this age). ASD. Multiple congenital anomalies (imperforate anus, dental anomalies, facial asymmetry, and poliosis). Microcephaly [head circumference, 45.5 cm (<2%)]. Generalized hypotonia, axial greater than appendicular. Normal stature and mass [weight 14.7 kg (61%); length, 90 cm (10%)]. Hyperopic astigmatism. Extensive investigations showed normal or negative results [Table ​[Table11 (C)], those also included tests for Rett syndrome and a skeletal survey (bone, age 2.5 years). Psychological and speech evaluations were also included showing global delays as indicated below. AD’s weight was 27.1 kg. Her height 114.7 cm, occipitofrontal circumference 50 cm. She has continued problems with constipation/obstipation. She was short statured (height 128 cm)1 with normal weight and head circumference (34.5 kg and 52 cm, respectively). She was still mostly non-verbal. She communicated with her family with signs and word approximations. She demonstrated autistic stereotypies as well as sensory-seeking behaviors including head banging and skin picking. Currently, AD continues to make slow but forward developmental progress, demonstrating the importance of early and extensive therapies (see below). Bayley Scales of Infant Development, Third Edition: (SS = 55, first percentile) 11-month-old level [Table ​[Table11 (D)]. Motor skills (SS = 49, <0.1st percentile) 15-month-old level for fine motor skills to 9-month-old level for gross motor skills. Child Development Inventory (MCDI): general development 16-month-old level, social maturity, 23-month-old level; self-help skills, 15-month-old level; fine motor and language skills, 16-month-old level; and gross motor skills 11–12 months. Behavior Assessment System for Children, Second Edition–Parent and Teacher Rating Scales: “at risk” for attention problems and sad/irritable mood. Conners Teachers Rating Scale, Revised: limited adaptive skills, including socialization and functional communication. School Situation Questionnaire: AD’s behavior was not reported to be problematic in most school situations. Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule: communication (RS = 4, cutoffs = 2/4), reciprocal social interaction (RS = 14, cutoffs = 4/7), combined algorithm (RS = 18, cutoffs = 7/12); limited play skills (RS = 4) and stereotyped behavior and restricted interests (RS = 5). Consistent with ASD [Table ​[Table11 (D)]. The Verbal Language Development Scale: age equivalent of 12 months. Expressive language: a number of instances of non-verbal communication observed and a number of isolated syllables; no recognizable words. Oral structural functional exam: facial symmetry at rest; range of motion of the lips was full bilaterally for retraction and for lip rounding; reported adequate tongue movement and labial strength. No reduction in range of motion. Speech production: adequate respiratory support and a mildly hoarse phonatory quality (+1). Resonance is normal. No evidence for dysarthria. Behavioral and communication observations: fleeting eye contact; played appropriately with a number of toys; good attention to her sister; sought attention both from her parents and from examiner. Babbled sounds less frequently than would be expected even for a child of 9–12 months. Inconsistent joint attention. At ~10 years of age, verbal apraxia was diagnosed [Table ​[Table11 (E)]. Scans demonstrated mild generalized cerebral volume loss with reduced posterior white matter. The 2007 study showed periatrial signal hyperintensity that had resolved by 2015. The corpus callosum appeared relatively proportional to the overall volume loss but slightly foreshortened, consistent with brachycephaly. The right lateral ventricle was more asymmetric than normal and much of that can be attributed to the incompletely inverted hippocampus on that side with a low-lying fornix. The frontal and temporal extra-axial spaces were enlarged in 2007, but had resolved by 2015. Craniofacial dysmorphism (prominent forehead, broad nose, and thin upper lip) was apparent on the 2015 scan [Table ​[Table11 (A); Figure ​Figure1B].1B]. Similarly, at 10.5 years clinical observations, craniofacies showed tall forehead with high anterior hairline, heavy brows giving eyes a deep-set appearance, right exotropia, and long eyelashes. Philtrum was short and deep, and the upper lip was thin. There were creases on the earlobes. Primary diagnosis (Dr. Peeden) was obtained at 8.5 years showing ADNP de novo gene mutation: g.49509094G>C; cDNA: c.2157C>G; protein: p.Tyr719*. Diagnosis was obtained by whole exome sequencing compared to the parents. With the ADNP kids belonging to a family of affected children suffering many similar abnormalities, further solutions are on the horizon. To provide information, advocacy and emotional support to families worldwide [e.g., Ref. (28)], an ADNP Syndrome Parents Group was established on the social networking site Facebook™. This is facing the time, like other support groups, for versatile diseases (35). Currently ~80 families are assembled, connected through the original set up of ADNP ASD mutations2. The parents formed a table of traits3, which are shown for AD [Table ​[Table22 (A–D)]. Several other ADNP-associated traits are visible when looking at Table ​Table22 including auditory impediments, suggesting an involvement of ADNP in the development of all senses. AD was spared heart abnormalities and seizures; however, as these affect other ADNP children, she is closely observed (28). AD shares the same mutation with several other children [e.g., Ref. (24)]. A parent questionnaire of 17 individuals with ADNP p.Tyr719* or a close mutation indicated cognitive (including speech) and motor delays, as well as autistic features and >50% brain abnormalities, which are further investigated. Figure ​Figure1C1C shows representative pictures of three additional ADNP p.Tyr719* children exhibiting potential facial similarities and using standing and walking devices [Table ​[Table22 (E)]. The ADNP p.Tyr719* is an integral part of the ADNP-related syndrome encompassing other ADNP mutations (Van Dijck et al., in preparation). In general, a helmet treatment was implemented for cranial asymmetry [Table ​[Table11 (A)]. Proved to be successful and should be implemented in future cases. In this respect, all children with ADNP mutations show motor delays (see text footnote 3). The painful doubt whether AD would be wheelchair bound drove the parents to seek help. Physical therapy began at the age of 15 months. She had multitude therapies at home, collaborative clinic, early intervention, developmental playgroups, and private clinic/water therapy. For example, she had physical and occupational therapy, hippotherapy (involving an occupational therapist, a physiotherapist, or a speech and language therapist working with AD and a horse to present challenges and to promote different postural responses) and aquatic therapy. At one point, she was given up to 10 therapies a week. At the age of 2.5, her therapist and the orthotics4 tailor made shoes with an inside lift to accommodate her left leg shortness. She then began to wear ankle foot orthosis brace to her knee, covering her entire foot. The physical therapist devised fabric braces with Velcro with metal bars that did not allow her to bend her knee, forcing her to bare weight. Her father has further built a “standing device” made of wood and PVC pipes to aid in her “timed” standing to ensure that she would not incur atrophy in her lower limbs/legs. Following this, parents were advised of gait trainers and other newly engineered products that help children like AD. AD further used a surfboard therapy machine that helped her core balance and many mirrors and began making a connection. Basic standing on her own was her first milestone, followed by the use of a pediatric walker [Table ​[Table11 (B), picture]. Walking short distances resulted in skin redness and muscle pain, which were relieved with warm baths and pool therapy. The parents further used a treadmill program (e.g., http://www.taap-project.com/) in physical therapy to strengthen AD and built new pathways and signals to help her motor planning and focus on the repetition of steps. Metronome was a program5 that they have also used that proved to be successful. Notably, the physical therapist persisted, despite AD’s severe unknown motor movement disorder and continued to increase the “frequency” of land and water therapies toward success. She was treated with over 300 h combined physical and aquatic therapies between the ages of 1–5 years. Without a medical billing code for doctors to use, the term “global delay” did not guarantee insurance coverage nor did it describe the medical complexity of AD. This resulted in expenses of over $2,000 per summer during the walk therapies. Currently, AD gets biweekly physical therapies to maintain and further improve her mobility and has begun growth hormone therapy (age 10), aiming to bring her back to the growth chart. AD was recently diagnosed with apraxia of speech [Table ​[Table11 (E)] and traditional speech therapy may not benefit her as much as focus on oral motor “planning.” She is now receiving this specialized therapy as her evaluation showed she desires to speak, tries and makes approximations, but similar to walking cannot put it together. The Z-VIBES6 oral motor tool has been most successful for the children with ADNP mutation who speak (closed ADNP Syndrome PARENTS GROUP, Facebook). AD has used it as a small child, with no obvious results, but now it seems to be having a significant effect. Additionally, the Kaufmann kit,7 which uses cards to teach children to combine consonants and vowels to form words while controlling for oral-motor difficulty, is also helping AD. As a small child she was not able to understand, but now these cards are used in combination with PROMPT therapy (Prompts for Restructuring Oral Muscular Phonetic Targets8). With physical cueing and repetition of the cards, AD now has some approximations for sounds such as “meh,” “na,” and “beh,” for “me,” “no,” and “bye,” respectively. Over the years, AD’s educational team has indicated that the autism symptoms have become less prevalent. With access to a speaking device (a card system) and multimodal communication system, AD is now flourishing. Her improved communication shows an amazing personality, which is humorous and lively. From a scientific point of view, we strive to have tailored drugs to treat the ADNP children, early enough to avoid confounding developmental delays. In this respect, we (Gozes) have been developing NAP (NAPVSIPQ) the shortest active snippet of ADNP (1). NAP increases ADNP’s activity at the cellular level in terms of cellular protection (14) as well as synaptic plasticity (14). On the whole animal level, it provides cognitive protection in mice with ADNP deficiencies (5). NAP has also shown protective activity in over 20 cell culture systems and in over 25 animal models. Notable examples include schizophrenia (36–38), Alzheimer’s disease (39–41), frontotemporal dementia (42, 43), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (44), and most importantly cognitive deficiencies associated with ASD (5) as well as developmental delays linked to prenatal and postnatal toxicities (45–47). NAP, also called davunetide, has shown activity in clinical trials. It increased cognitive scores in a Phase IIa clinical trial in patients suffering from amnestic mild cognitive impairment (48, 49) and protected functional daily activities (50) as well as brain cellular activity (measured by MRI) (51), in schizophrenia patients. NAP (davunetide) is safe and bioavailable (52, 53). Clinical studies in the ADNP-related syndrome are currently planned with NAP—now called CP201 (Coronis Neurosciences9). The described complex syndrome of motor dysfunction, autism, speech delay, and facial dysmorphism should trigger gene sequencing and early diagnosis of children with the ADNP syndrome (also known as the Helsmoortel–Van der Aa syndrome10). The case of AD highlights global developmental delays, with emphasis on motor functions, which was not described before. While AD had not always been referred to the appropriate specialized therapies, her family persistence and ultimate success in motor development should help guide newly diagnosed children. This report teaches modes of interventions and paves the path to basic discoveries on ADNP’s involvement in muscle development. AD’s major impediment nowadays is her inability to talk, a trait that has been lagging behind. In this respect, better understanding of ADNP’s association with muscle development may shed light on speech development as well. The more we understand about the ADNP protein and gene, the better we can help the families and patients with syndromic developmental dysfunctions gain enhanced functionality and integration into a healthy society coupled with ADNP replacement/enhancement therapies, such as CP201 (Coronis Neurosciences; see text footnote 9).
Chromosome 12p Deletion Spanning the GRIN2B Gene Presenting With a Neurodevelopmental Phenotype. The GRIN2B (glutamate receptor, ionotropic, N-methyl-d-aspartate 2B) gene, located in the short arm of chromosome 12, encoding the NR2B subunit of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor, has recently been recognized to play an important role in corticogenesis and brain plasticity. Deletions in the short arm of chromosome 12 are rare. Hemizygous loss of function of the GRIN2B gene results in developmental delay, whereas gain of function leads to epilepsy, and infantile spasms in particular. In addition, GRIN2B variants have been associated with autism spectrum disorder and schizophrenia. Here the authors report a child with global developmental delay, autistic behavioural features, central hypotonia, dysmorphic features and isolated congenital anomalies of the fingers and toes, and a de novo heterozygous deletion in chromosome locus 12p13.2-p13.1, involving loss of several genes, including GRIN2B. This report and our review of the literature help clarify the distinct phenotypes associated with loss or gain of GRIN2B function. Keywords: chromosome12p deletion, CDKN1B, GRIN2B, ETV6, neurodevelopment, autism spectrum disorder. While disorders associated with deletions in the short arm of chromosome 12 (12p deletion syndrome) were described prior to the advent of array-based comparative genomic hybridization,1-4 with its emergence, it became possible to correlate clinical phenotypes with particular genes. The 12p13.1 GRIN2B (glutamate receptor, ionotropic, N-methyl-d-aspartate 2B) gene plays a critical role in mammalian brain development, and different mutations are associated with entirely distinct neurodevelopmental, epileptic, and psychiatric disorders.5-12 Here, the authors present a detailed description of a 3-year-old boy with heterozygous de novo interstitial microdeletion at 12p13.2-p13.1 encompassing GRIN2B and review the literature. Our case and review help to clarify and contrast the loss-of-function neurodevelopmental and gain-of-function epileptic GRIN2B phenotypes. Our patient was born at term via spontaneous vaginal delivery to nonconsanguineous parents. Routine antenatal ultrasound, during the 33rd week of gestation, revealed a large head circumference and improper closure of the cerebral ventricles. This was not seen on the postnatal head ultrasound. At delivery, there was light meconium present, however, no resuscitation was required. He developed transient respiratory distress. His birth weight was 8 lbs and 7 oz (90th percentile). Echocardiography at the time showed a patent foramen ovale. Family history was significant for developmental delay and primary gastrointestinal malignancies in some family members. The patient’s eldest brother, now 6 years old, was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. He had moderate to severe language delay, fine motor delay, motor planning difficulties, and academic challenges. His younger brother, now 5 years old, had isolated speech delay. Our patient’s paternal grandfather had a history of speech and language delay. Paternal grandmother had a benign colon tumor removed at age 21 years, and paternal nephew was found to have an appendiceal tumor at age of 16 years. A paternal uncle was diagnosed with gastrointestinal cancer in his mid-50s. Our index case was noted to have central hypotonia since the first week of life and global developmental delay since early infancy, predominantly affecting motor and language domains. He never exhibited any regression. He developed adequate head control around 6 months, was able to sit with support by 9 months, and unsupported by 12 months. He could transition from supine to sitting at 18 months and started to pull-to-stand after 24 months. He started ambulating independently at 3 years but still had frequent falls due to poor balance. He required foot orthotics due to abnormalities in foot-ankle alignment during independent ambulation. He developed bilateral pincer grasp at around 15 months and was able to spoon-feed himself by 24 months. At 3 years, he was scribbling with a pen but could not draw discreet lines or shapes. Language development was significantly delayed. At 2 years, his vocabulary consisted of approximately 5 words, which expanded to 10 to 20 single spontaneous words by age 3. His main method of communication was nonverbal with gestures. Receptive language was comparatively better but nonetheless delayed. Cognitively, he could identify his own body parts, was able to follow simple 1-step commands, and knew primary colors and few numbers. He developed a social smile early in infancy and began to laugh around 11 months. He had social interest in peers and was able to initiate and interact in reciprocal play. He engaged in some simple pretend play by 24 months. He also demonstrated some mild repetitive behaviors, such as turning on/off switches and closing doors repeatedly by age 2 along with restricted play themes. Also notable were some sensory aversions, including aversion to certain tactile and auditory stimuli. In terms of his adaptive skills, at age 3, he was not showing any interest in toilet training and was unable to dress himself. He had normal ophthalmological and hearing assessments and had no clinical seizures. At 36 months, his weight and height were near the 50th percentile, and head circumference was just above the 97th percentile. He had facial dysmorphisms and minor congenital abnormalities of his digits and toes as described in Figure 1. He also had a high anterior hairline with a single posterior hair whorl, along with clinodactyly of his fifth digits bilaterally. On neurological examination, he was interactive with interest in his external environment. He was able to spontaneously produce few meaningful words. His cranial nerves, motor, and sensory examination were unremarkable except for mild truncal hypotonia and poor balance while walking. Other systemic examinations were normal. His complete blood count, liver, renal and thyroid function tests, serum lactate, ammonia, creatine kinase, carnitine, quantitative acylcarnitine profile, amino acid, and urine organic acid were unremarkable. Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain was deferred due to parental concern about risks of anesthesia. Electroencephalography showed spike and wave discharges over the right posterior parietal head region. Array-based comparative genomic hybridization revealed a 3.11 Mb hemizygous loss at chromosomal locus 12p13.2-p13.1 (chr12: 11 147 715 to 14 258 330 bp, hg19). Fluorescence in situ hybridization analysis confirmed the deletion observed by microarray analysis. Fluorescence in situ hybridization analyses of parental samples indicated that the deletion was de novo. Microarray analysis of his eldest brother was normal. The authors describe a child with global developmental delay, central hypotonia, autistic behavioral features, facial dysmorphisms, incomplete syndactyly, thumb duplication, and clinodactyly with focal electroencephalography abnormalities and a de novo deletion at 12p13.2-p13.1. This deletion results in loss of 1 copy of 36 RefSeq genes including 4 OMIM (Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man) morbid genes that include GRIN2B, CDKN1B (cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1B), ETV6 (ETS variant 6), and LRP6 (low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 6). GRIN2B encodes the NR2 subunit of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor and is expressed within striatal and cortical structures. While ours would be the second report of confirmed hemizygous deletion of GRIN2B,7 there are already sufficient descriptions of patients with hemizygous loss of function indicating that most if not all of the neurodevelopmental phenotype of our patient is due to loss of one of the two alleles of this gene. Table 1 summarizes the salient neurodevelopmental features of all the cases to date, including ours, and allows crystallization of the core neurodevelopmental syndrome of hemizygous loss of GRIN2B, which encompasses: delay in motor and speech development, in particular expressive language, with various degree of intellectual disability and behavioral difficulties such as hyperactivity and oppositional behavior, and focal interictal electroencephalography abnormalities predominantly unaccompanied by clinical seizures. A gain of function in the GRIN2B gene has also recently been implicated to cause a severe form of epileptic encephalopathy manifesting as West syndrome.8 Although our patient has focal electroencephalography abnormalities he has not had any clinical seizures at the time of the submission of this manuscript. This may be due to a loss of function, as opposed to a gain of function in the GRIN2B gene manifesting as two separate phenotypes, the latter consisting mainly of neurodevelopmental disorder with global developmental delay and intellectual disability and the former causing an epileptic encephalopathy. Other types of mutations in GRIN2B gene—nonsense, splice-site, and frameshift—have also been identified in patients with cognitive and intellectual impairments.5 Various neurobehavioral disorders statistically associated with GRIN2B gene variants including autistic spectrum disorder,9,10 obsessive-compulsive disorder,11 schizophrenia,10,12 and bipolar disorder12 have been described. N-Methyl-D-aspartate receptors are tetrameric ligand-gated ion channels composed of 2 glycine-binding NR1 subunits and 2 glutamate-binding NR2 subunits (NR2A, NR2B, NR2C, and NR2D).13 GRIN2B represents a rate-limiting genetic factor in gating the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor’s function in the developing and mature mammalian brain.5 The subunit composition of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors is spatially and temporally regulated. It undergoes a maturational change from heterotetramers containing predominantly NR2B early in life to those containing NR2B, NR2A, or both subunits in the adult brain.13 GRIN2B has also been shown to be involved in long-term potentiation of synaptic transmission—the mechanism purported in memory and learning processes.14 Mutations in the GRIN2B gene leads to abnormal subunit functioning affecting neuronal ion flux resulting in developmental abnormalities and epilepsy. Deletions in the short arm of chromosome 12 are also associated with a wide variety of hematopoietic malignancies due to mutation of the 2 known tumor-suppressor genes: ETV6 and CDKN1B, both of which are also part of our patient’s deletion. Germline heterozygous mutations in CDKN1B have been described in patients with multiple endocrine neoplasia.15 Hemizygous deletions encompassing CDKN1B have also been reported with small intestine neuroendocrine tumors.16 Similarly, several somatic heterozygous mutations of ETV6 gene involving translocation and fusion with various other genes have been reported with acute and chronic leukemia.17 Germline variants of both CDKN1B and ETV6 are associated with adult predisposition to prostate cancer.18,19 As such, our patient and children with similar chromosomal 12 deletion GRIN2B developmental delay should be monitored for neoplastic risk. In conclusion, hemizygous loss of function of GRIN2B leads to intellectual disability, developmental delays, particularly in language, hyperactivity and oppositional behavior, and abnormal electroencephalography, but rare or no seizures. In contrast, gain of function in this gene is one cause of West syndrome. Likely due to its central neurological role as part of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor, variants likely affecting its expression are associated with common neurobehavioral disorders including schizophrenia and autism.
Phelan-McDermid syndrome presenting with developmental delays and facial dysmorphisms. Phelan-McDermid syndrome is a rare genetic disorder caused by the terminal or interstitial deletion of the chromosome 22q13.3. Patients with this syndrome usually have global developmental delay, hypotonia, and speech delays. Several putative genes such as the SHANK3, RAB, RABL2B, and IB2 are responsible for the neurological features. This study describes the clinical features and outcomes of Korean patients with Phelan-McDermid syndrome. Two patients showing global developmental delay, hypotonia, and speech delay were diagnosed with Phelan-McDermid syndrome via chromosome analysis, fluorescent in situ hybridization, and multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification analysis. Brain magnetic resonance imaging of Patients 1 and 2 showed delayed myelination and severe communicating hydrocephalus, respectively. Electroencephalography in patient 2 showed high amplitude spike discharges from the left frontotemporoparietal area, but neither patient developed seizures. Kidney ultrasonography of both the patients revealed multicystic kidney disease and pelviectasis, respectively. Patient 2 experienced recurrent respiratory infections, and chest computed tomography findings demonstrated laryngotracheomalacia and bronchial narrowing. He subsequently died because of heart failure after a ventriculoperitoneal shunt operation at 5 months of age. Patient 1, who is currently 20 months old, has been undergoing rehabilitation therapy. However, global developmental delay was noted, as determines using the Korean Infant and Child Development test, the Denver developmental test, and the Bayley developmental test. This report describes the clinical features, outcomes, and molecular genetic characteristics of two Korean patients with Phelan-McDermid syndrome. Keywords: Phelan-McDermid syndrome, Chromosome 22q13.3 deletion syndrome, SHANK3. Phelan-McDermid syndrome (PMS) is a rare genetic disorder caused by the deletion of chromosome 22q13.31). Infants or children with this syndrome manifest diverse clinical features, such as seizures, hypotonia, absent or severely delayed speech, global developmental delay, hearing and visual impairment, strabismus, autism-like behavior, cyclic vomiting, normal or advanced growth, and precocious puberty1,2). Patients with PMS also present minor dysmorphic facial features, such as deep-set eyes, poorly formed ears, and a bulbous nose1). The neurological features of this syndrome are nonspecific, and it can be underrecognized along with other genetic diseases that show developmental delays. The mental retardation and developmental delays of these patients are mainly caused by deletions of the SH3 and multiple ankyrin repeat domains 3 (SHANK3) genes1). The SHANK3 gene encodes a structural protein located in the post-synaptic membrane and plays an important role in signal transduction3). Chromosome analysis is required for evaluation of congenital anomalies and developmental delay. However, it is not suitable for detecting microdeletion. Therefore, fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) or multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) analysis is commonly utilized to identify the microdeletion of the chromosome 22q13.3 region1,2,4). In addition, array comparative genomic hybridization is a useful method for discovering unbalanced translocations5). To date, over 600 cases of PMS have been reported worldwide1); however, only 1 case has been reported in Korea6). This report describes the clinical features, outcomes, and molecular data of two patients with PMS in Korea. A 4-month-old female, who was born after 39 weeks of gestation with a birth weight of 3,220 g, was referred to our outpatient clinic. An abdominal mass was found during the prenatal ultrasonography, and postnatal ultrasonography determined that it was a multicystic dysplastic kidney although renal function was normal. The patient underwent ligation surgery for patent ductus arteriosus at age 3 weeks. At age 4 months, her eyes could not follow objects, and she displayed hypotonia. Her weight, height, and head circumference were 7.4 kg (50th–75th percentile), 72.4 cm (>97th percentile), and 40 cm (25th–50th percentile), respectively. She had low-set ears, deep-set eyes, wide eyebrows, and a bulbous nose. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed delayed myelination (Fig. 1A). High amplitude spike discharges from the left frontotemporoparietal area were seen on electroencephalography, but the patient did not present with seizures. Global developmental delay was noted on the Korean infant and child development test performed at age 4 months: her gross motor development level was 1 month, fine motor 3 months, personal-social 2 months, language 2 months, and cognitive-adaptive 3 months. Chromosome analysis showed 46,XX,del(22)(q13.3) (Fig. 1B). FISH using an HIRA (22q11.2) and ARSA (22q13) probes (Vysis, Abbott Laboratories, Abbott Park, IL, USA) identified the deletion of the ARSA gene (Fig. 1C). In addition, MLPA analysis using the SALSA MLPA P064-C1 kit (MRC Holland, Amsterdam, The Netherlands) revealed the deletion of the SHANK3 gene located on 22q13.3 (Fig. 1D). Neither parent had a chromosome analysis. At age 8 months, the patient could neither hold her head up nor crawl, but she could roll over by herself and babble. Reaching for and grasping an object was not possible. Global developmental delay was observed in the Denver developmental test: her personal-social development level was 3 months, fine motor-adaptive 3 months, language 6 months, and gross motor 4 months. Currently, she is 17 months old and still not able to hold her head up. Sitting is possible only when her hands are supported. She is not able to respond to her name. The Bayley developmental test demonstrated a cognitive development level of three months, language 4 months, social 4 months, gross motor 5 months, and fine motor 4 months. A 4-month-old male was referred to the outpatient clinic for an evaluation of developmental delays. He was born at 38 weeks of gestation with a birth weight of 3,480 g without perinatal problems. There was no family history of congenital anomalies or consanguinity. His prenatal evaluation was unremarkable. Congenital hypothyroidism was diagnosed at age 2 weeks. He was admitted to a local hospital due to recurrent respiratory infections at age 1 month. At 4 months of age, he was not able to control his head or make eye contact with others. His weight, height, and head circumference were 8.7 kg (50th–75th percentile), 67 cm (75th–90th percentile), and 47 cm (>97th percentile), respectively. He showed facial hypotonia, sunset eyes, long eyelashes, dolicocephaly, and relative macrocephaly. Chest computed tomography was performed due to recurrent respiratory infections, and focal narrowing of the mid trachea and left main bronchus between the aorta and pulmonary artery were found. In addition, flexible bronchoscopy showed tracheomalacia and laryngomalacia. There were no cardiac anomalies on echocardiography. Kidney ultrasonography showed right renal pelviectasis. Communicating hydrocephalus with interstitial edema of periventricular white matter was observed on a brain MRI, and this required a ventriculoperitoneal shunt at age 5 months (Fig. 2A). One day after the procedure, heart failure and cardiac arrest occurred, and the patient subsequently died of multiple organ failure. His karyotype was 46,XY,r(22)(p13q13) while both parents had normal karyotypes (Fig. 2B). Deletion of chromosome 22q13.3 was identified by FISH. PMS is a rare disease, and its incidence remains elusive1,2). Facial dysmorphisms, such as long eyelashes, deep-set eyes, ptosis, prominent dysplastic ears, a bulbous nose, and a wide nasal bridge, may indicate this disease2,4). Relatively large fleshy hands, and hypoplastic or dysplastic toenails of the extremities are also present2). Growth velocity is usually normal or accelerated7). Renal abnormalities or cardiac defects are observed in approximately 25% of cases1,2). Gastrointestinal symptoms, such as feeding difficulties, cyclic vomiting, and gastroesophageal reflux, can be associated with PMS1,2). Neurological manifestations include seizures or aggressive behavior1,2). Although patients with PMS have nonspecific clinical features and diverse clinical courses, it is helpful to perform chromosome analysis to evaluate patients with congenital anomalies and developmental delays. The size of the deleted region in PMS varies widely, ranging from a very small deletion of 100 kb to a very large one of over 9 Mb8). However, the deletion size is not accurately correlated with the severity of the disease. Several genes located in the 22q13.3 region, such as the SHANK3, RAB, RABL2B, and IB2 genes, are thought to be related to neurological features. The SHANK3 gene is located on the distal region to ARSA which is known to cause metachromic leukodystrophy. The SHANK3 protein plays a major role in interlinking between proteins of the postsynaptic membrane and the actin cytoskeleton of the dendritic spine, and it is related to synaptic spine maturation3). Mutations in the SHANK3 gene is also known to be related to neuropsychiatric conditions such as autism spectrum disorder9). Deletions of the ARSA and SHANK3 genes were identified using FISH and MLPA analysis in the present study. Only one case of PMS has been reported in Korea6). An 18-month-old female with hypotonia and developmental delays was diagnosed by chromosome analysis and FISH using an ARSA probe. The patient's karyotype was 46,XX,del(22)(q13.3), and both parents had normal karyotypes. Brain MRI showed a thin corpus callosum and a decreased white matter volume. This patient underwent rehabilitation therapy, but she was still not able to uphold her head or make eye contact at 3 years (Table 1)6). Global developmental delay, hypotonia, and delayed speech were the main clinical features both found in the previous6) and the present study. Patient 2 who had terminal deletion of 22q13.3 resulting from ring chromosome, showed worse prognosis compared to those who had microdeletion of 22q13.3 region. Most patients usually have no life-threatening organ dysfunction or events4). However, patient 2 in the present study had severe hydrocephalus urgently necessitating immediate intervention in contrast to patient 1. This patient also had an airway anomaly, which has not been reported in other cases of PMS. Rehabilitation therapy was applied to increase muscle tone and improve developmental delays. Although progress was slow, obvious enhancement of muscle tone and development was observed. In summary, this report described the clinical features, outcomes, and molecular genetic data in 2 cases of PMS in Korea. In the event that hypotonia, severe speech delays, mildly dysmorphic facial features, and multiple congenital anomalies involving the kidneys, heart, or toenails are present, PMS should be considered among the possible diagnoses, and molecular cytogentic testing should be undertaken for confirmation.
SCN8A mutation in a child presenting with seizures and developmental delays. The SCN8A gene encodes the sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 8. Mutations in this gene have been associated with early infantile epileptic encephalopathy type 13. With the use of whole-exome sequencing, a de novo missense mutation in SCN8A was identified in a 4-yr-old female who initially exhibited symptoms of epilepsy at the age of 5 mo that progressed to a severe condition with very little movement, including being unable to sit or walk on her own. Keywords: absent speech, action tremor, appendicular hypotonia, blepharospasm, broad forehead, bulbar palsy, developmental regression, developmental stagnation at onset of seizures, dysphagia, epileptic encephalopathy, exaggerated startle response, failure to thrive in infancy, full cheeks, gastroesophageal reflux, gastrostomy tube feeding in infancy, generalized tonic seizures, generalized tonic-clonic seizures on awakening, gingival overgrowth, hypoxemia, infantile axial hypotonia, intellectual disability, severe, neck muscle weakness, no social interaction, obstructive sleep apnea, respiratory difficulties. Mutations in SCN8A are associated with cognitive impairment with or without cerebellar ataxia (OMIM#613406) and with early infantile epileptic encephalopathy-13 (EIEE13, OMIM#614558). Loss-of-function mutations can be associated with cerebellar ataxia and cognitive issues, whereas gain-of-function mutations can underlie epileptic encephalopathy (O'Brien and Meisler 2013). De novo mutations in SCN8A have been discovered through genome and exome sequencing, and SCN8A can now be evaluated with commercial epilepsy panels. Epileptic encephalopathy is characterized by seizure activity that progresses to cerebral dysfunction leading to severe cognitive, motor, and behavioral impairments (Vaher et al. 2014). Approximately 1% of early infantile epileptic encephalopathies are associated with missense mutations in the SCN8A gene, and approximately 50 cases have been described in the literature (Veeramah et al. 2012; Larsen et al. 2015; Wagnon and Meisler 2015; Meisler et al. 2016). In a few cases, the mutation was inherited from a mosaic parent, but the majority of disease-contributory mutations are de novo missense mutations (Wagnon and Meisler 2015). EIEE13 has an average age of onset between 3 and 7 mo, and individuals present with various types of seizures, including tonic–clonic, generalized tonic, atonic, myoclonic, and focal and absence seizures, whereas febrile seizures are rare (Ohba et al. 2014). There is often developmental regression, and movement disorders are present with 50% of affected individuals unable to sit or walk (Meisler et al. 2016). SCN8A is located on Chromosome 12q13 and encodes the sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit (also know as Nav1.6), which functions in the rapid depolarization of sodium channels during generation of action potentials in neurons. Nav1.6 is one of the three major sodium channels in the brain and is involved in the regulation and propagation of firing patterns of excitatory and inhibitory neurons (O'Brien and Meisler 2013). Nav1.6 is localized to the axonal initial segment and to nodes of Ranvier in myelinated neurons. Mutations in the related sodium channel gene SCN1A contribute to Dravet syndrome, and mutations in SCN2A contribute to Ohtahara syndrome (Wagnon and Meisler 2015). Ten patient mutations of SCN8A have been evaluated with functional tests in transfected cells (Veeramah et al. 2012; de Kovel et al. 2014; Estacion et al. 2014; Blanchard et al. 2015; Wagnon et al. 2016). In eight of the 10 cases, gain-of-function effects were observed. The most common defect is impaired channel inactivation, which leads to a persistent sodium current and increased neuronal activity. In two cases, a hyperpolarizing shift in voltage dependence of channel activation was observed, also leading to hyperactivity. This gain-of-function mechanism is opposite to the situation in Dravet syndrome, where loss-of-function mutations in SCN1A are most common (Meisler et al. 2016). Through advances in DNA sequencing technology, DNA can now be sequenced quickly and relatively inexpensively. Although such analyses focus on ∼1% of the human genome, this, nonetheless, still identifies tens of thousands of variants to analyze (O'Rawe et al. 2013, 2015; Lyon and O'Rawe 2015). Through the use of existing and novel bioinformatics tools, we developed a protocol focused on identifying uncommon and deleterious mutations and prioritizing them by phenotypic relevance. We present here a detailed case study of a proband in which a de novo likely disease-contributing mutation in SCN8A was discovered. This study focused on the use of next-generation exome sequencing to find mutations by analyzing primarily protein-coding regions of the DNA. The proband is a 4-yr-old female presenting with idiopathic epilepsy (10 to 15 seizures per day), cortical blindness, and developmental regression (Figs. 1 and ​and2;2; Supplemental Video 1). Her medical records show that she has no language or motor skills, is fed through a G tube, and has recurrent fevers and osteopenia. She had acute fractures of her distal radius and distal ulna bilaterally as well as on the left distal tibia and left distal fibula while on a ketogenic diet. Table 1 outlines her phenotypic features using Human Phenotype Ontology (HPO) terms. Before whole-exome sequencing (WES), an infantile epileptic encephalopathy panel that did not include SCN8A was ordered for this proband. The results showed a variant of uncertain significance in exon 3 of the GRIN2A gene that encodes the glutamate ionotropic receptor N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA)-type subunit 2A, resulting in an amino acid change from phenylalanine to isoleucine at position 183. Parents of the proband were tested for this variant and the unaffected father was found to carry this variant. This proband had a high-resolution whole-genome single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP)/copy-number microarray analysis using the Cytoscan HD platform, and Chromosome Analysis Suite Software (Affymetrix) was used for analysis. The result was normal and no clinically significant copy-number variants were discovered. The only reported complication during pregnancy was a group B streptococcal infection in the mother. From birth to 3 mo of age, the proband met all milestones, although her parents report she was slightly hypotonic. At 3 mo, she experienced her first seizure-like activity, although medical tests revealed no abnormalities. The evening after her 5-mo vaccinations, including diphtheria (DT), Haemophilus influenzae type B (Hib) conjugate (PRP-T), inactivated polio vaccine (IPV), and pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV13), she was admitted to the emergency department with increased seizure activity, nystagmus, hypotonia, and fever, although medical tests revealed no pertinent abnormalities. A direct link between the vaccination and the onset of symptoms has not been established, and a link is not proposed by the authors. An electroencephalogram (EEG) 2 wk after the onset of severe symptoms revealed severe abnormalities, and the patient was diagnosed with idiopathic epileptic encephalopathy. The EEG showed the presence of frequent independent multifocal, mostly right posterior, epileptogenic abnormalities, consistent with a tendency toward partial onset seizures, and this is indicative of right hemispheric profound cerebral dysfunction. Follow-up EEGs showed multifocal sharp waves. Facial features include a short, upturned nose, full cheeks, a short philtrum, and a horizontal crease on the chin. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans revealed no significant abnormalities that might contribute to the proband's condition; myelination was determined to be within normal range, and no congenital brain malformations or cytotoxic edema were found to suggest ischemia. The only abnormality found was a small, left periventricular cyst, most likely an incidental germinolytic cyst, which was determined to be unrelated to the proband's clinical presentation. Her physical manifestations include the absence of all mobility and motor coordination, with daily placement in a wheelchair, and the absence of a startle reflex, possibly secondary to neck weakness and poor eye control. The family history is unremarkable. Medications that the proband is now taking include phenobarbital, carbamazepine, and Charlotte's Web (Hemp extract). The addition of carbamazepine has stopped her loop seizures and prevents her from having seizures as she enters and exits sleep. She has improved awareness, has more eye contact, and is able to shake a rattle. Blood samples from the proband, as well as blood and saliva samples from parents and siblings, were sequenced at Affiliated Genetics in Salt Lake City, Utah, where genomic DNA was extracted and exons sequenced using the Life Technologies Ampliseq Exome RDY kit and the Life Technologies Proton sequencing system (see Methods). These targeted regions were sequenced using the Ion Proton sequencing system using Ion Hi-Q Chemistry with 200-bp reads. The DNA sequence was compared with the University of California, Santa Cruz (UCSC) hg19 reference sequence, and several methods of analysis were applied to the sequence data (see Methods). A summary of variants called for all individuals in the family are described in Table 2, and coverage and mapping statistics are shown in Table 3. These analyses included in-house protocols, and several commercial software packages, including Tute Genomics, Omicia Opal, and Cartagenia v4.1, along with the use of the OTG-snpcaller pipeline (see Methods). In all analyses, we arrived at similar conclusions, but the various analyses helped to provide a more comprehensive and in-depth approach to the data. The Omicia results from three “QUAD” analyses (each with different siblings) are shown in Supplemental Tables 1–3. The scripts and programs created or rewritten by the author (R.K.) and used for analysis were uploaded to GitHub and can be found at https://github.com/rkleyner/PGM-WES-Pipeline. As one example, for the OTG-snpcaller pipeline, the final variant call format (VCF) file for each individual contained 20,000 to 25,000 variants, of which 300 to 400 were found to be inherited. However, 2000 to 3000 variants were recognized as de novo, which is notably above the expected number of de novo mutations found in standard WES (Bamshad et al. 2011; Kong et al. 2012). In addition, even with an optimized variant calling pipeline, there were still a significant number of false positives. The number of variants found in the proband was 28,681 and the mean depth of coverage was 101-fold. A GEMINI query (Paila et al. 2013) selected zero autosomal recessive mutations and 16 rare de novo mutations of interest. A unique de novo heterozygous variant in the SCN8A gene on Chromosome 12 at position 52,093,447 was identified (c.800T>C, p.Leu267Ser) (Table 4; Fig. 3A). This mutation is not present in any frequency in public databases such as Database for Short Genomic Variations (dbSNP) 137, 1000 Genomes phase 1 data, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) 6500 exomes, or Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC) version 0.2, which contains allelic information derived from approximately 60,000 exome sequences. The presence of the mutation was confirmed using Sanger sequencing following standard procedures (Fig. 3B). This missense mutation has not been previously identified in any other patient with epilepsy. Leucine 267 is located in transmembrane segment DIS5 of the sodium channel and is highly conserved through evolution. The substitution changes the hydrophobic leucine residue to the hydrophilic serine, which is likely to alter channel function. The Combined Annotation-Dependent Depletion (CADD) score was 21.1, indicating that this substitution is within the 0.78% of most deleterious mutations (99.2 percentile). The Sorting Intolerant from Tolerant (SIFT) (Ng and Henikoff 2003) and Polymorphism Phenotyping (PolyPhen) scores (Adzhubei et al. 2013) were <0.01 and >0.999, respectively, also predicting that the mutation is deleterious. Analyses with Phenolyzer (Yang et al. 2015), wANNOVAR (Chang and Wang 2012), and PhenIX (Zemojtel et al. 2014) all predict that a heterozygous missense mutation in SCN8A is likely to contribute to the phenotype. The output from PhenIX, Phenolyzer, and wANNOVAR can be viewed in Supplemental Figures 1–3, respectively. The Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) database describes early infantile epileptic encephalopathy and cognitive impairment as two phenotypes associated with mutations in SCN8A. Because the proband has a similar phenotype, this is considered to be a mutation that contributes to the phenotype described here. Several studies have associated mutations in SCN8A with epilepsy, intellectual disability, and cranial features such as microcephaly (Veeramah et al. 2012; de Kovel et al. 2014; Estacion et al. 2014; Ohba et al. 2014; Vaher et al. 2014; Blanchard et al. 2015; Larsen et al. 2015; Wagnon and Meisler 2015). Overall, the various analyses employed herein were able to efficiently and accurately detect variants in this family, uncovering a deleterious single-nucleotide variant (SNV) likely contributing to the severe phenotype and previously unidentified in clinical databases such as ClinVar and OMIM. By using existing databases to filter variants by rarity and deleteriousness, common variants and/or benign variants can be excluded from the analysis, leaving a small subset of variants to study and facilitating the analysis. Unlike other tools and protocols currently available, the described protocol efficiently examines the phenotypes associated with the genic location of a mutation by using phenotype analysis tools to efficiently provide a link between a variant and a set of phenotypes. This step prioritizes variants by phenotypic relevance quickly and efficiently, thus eliminating the need to manually research the phenotypes associated with many genes. wANNOVAR outputs were not depicted here because this relies on Phenolyzer to determine relationships to phenotype and was thus similar to the Phenolyzer output. As in previous studies (Bragg et al. 2013b; Salipante et al. 2014), the Ion Torrent Personal Genome Machine (PGM) sequencing results appeared to have several erroneous calls, especially around homopolymer regions and indels. These errors have been attributed to the PGM “dark sequencing” chemistry, which uses semiconductor chips to measure minute pH differences caused by the release of a hydrogen ion when a nucleotide attaches to a DNA template. In contrast, “light sequencing” platforms such as the Illumina MiSeq and HiSeq use high-resolution cameras or sensors to detect wavelengths of light emitted when a reaction occurs, such as when a fluorescently labeled nucleotide attaches to a prepared DNA template. Even with an optimized variant calling platform, the errors in PGM sequencing can lead to high false-positive rates. It is likely that the high number of de novo mutations, most of which have a low-quality score, were detected by the variant calling pipeline because of the small and sporadic occurrence of sequencing errors in homopolymer regions. Although several mutations of SCN8A have been found to be associated with a similar syndrome (Wagnon and Meisler 2015), there is no entry in ClinVar for the p.Leu267Ser mutation. Interestingly, mutation of the corresponding leucine residue in SCN1A resulted in impaired channel inactivation (Kahlig et al. 2008), a common feature of SCN8A mutations in epileptic encephalopathy (Wagnon et al. 2016). Although there are several factors leading to a susceptibility to fractures, including a ketogenic diet often recommended for seizures (Bergqvist et al. 2008), this patient exhibits co-occurrence of a mutation in SCN8A and bone fractures.
Case report of novel DYRK1A mutations in 2 individuals with syndromic intellectual disability and a review of the literature. Chromosomal deletions encompassing DYRK1A have been associated with intellectual disability for several years. More recently, point mutations in DYRK1A have been shown to be responsible for a recognizable syndrome characterized by microcephaly, developmental delay and intellectual disability (ID) as well as characteristic facial features. Here we present 2 individuals with novel mutations in DYRK1A, and a review of the cases reported to date. Both individuals presented with the well-known characteristic features, as well as rarer anomalies seen in a minority of patients. Patient 1 presented shortly after birth with an enlarged cisterna magna, distal contractures, and distinctive facies that included bitemporal narrowing and deep set eyes. A de novo splice site mutation in DYRK1A [c.951 + 4_951 + 7delAGTA; p.Val222Aspfs*22] was identified by next generation sequencing. Patient 2 presented at 7 months of age with microcephaly and dysmorphic features. She went several years without a diagnosis until a de novo DYRK1A nonsense mutation [c.787C>T; p.(Arg263*)] was identified at age 12. These individuals, and the 52 cases reviewed from the literature, show the characteristic features of the DYRK1A-related syndrome including global developmental delay, ID, microcephaly, feeding difficulties, and the facial gestalt. Other common findings include seizures, vision defects, brain abnormalities and skeletal abnormalities of the hands and feet. Less common features include optic nerve defects, contractures, ataxia, and cardiac anomalies. DYRK1A testing should be considered in individuals with the facial features, intellectual disability and post-natal microcephaly. Once diagnosed with DYRK1A-related intellectual disability, a cardiac and ophthalmologic assessment would be recommended as would routine surveillance by a pediatrician for psychomotor development, growth, and feeding. Keywords: DYRK1A, Intellectual disability, Microcephaly, Next Generation Sequencing. The dual-specificity tyrosine phosphorylation-regulated kinase 1A (DYRK1A) (MIM 600855) is located in the Down syndrome critical region of chromosome 21 [1]. It encodes a highly conserved protein that plays an essential role in the development of the central nervous system [2–4]. Haploinsufficiency of DYRK1A is responsible for a syndrome characterized by intellectual disability (ID), microcephaly and dysmorphic features (MIM 614104). Individuals with this condition were initially reported with partial monosomies of chromosome 21 as detected on routine karyotype that encompassed the DYRK1A gene (21q22.13) [5–7]. Since then, numerous cases of chromosome 21 deletions diagnosed by comparative genomic hybridization have been reported by several groups [8–13]. The first intragenic frameshift deletion, identified by direct sequencing, was described by Courcet et al in 2012 [14]. More recently, next generation sequencing (NGS) has led to the diagnosis of numerous de novo mutations in DYRK1A, further characterizing, and broadening, this syndromic phenotype [15–21]. To date, there have been 52 individuals in the literature with the DYRK1A-related ID phenotype with both structural rearrangements (n = 19) and more recently, single nucleotide variants and small insertions/deletions within DYRK1A (n = 33). Here, we present 2 additional patients with novel DYRK1A mutations. We also provide a comprehensive review of the previously published cases, further delineating both the common and less commonly seen features of this emerging syndrome. Patient 1 was born at 36 + 3 weeks, to healthy parents of Iraqi origin. Parents were first cousins once removed. Two older siblings were in good health. There was no family history of ID or congenital anomalies. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and an enlarged cisterna magna were observed at 35 weeks by routine ultrasound. A prenatal diagnosis of Dandy-Walker malformation was considered but ruled out with post-natal MR imaging (Fig. 1c). Labor was induced given poor fetal growth and the patient was born by vaginal delivery at 36 + 3 weeks. At birth, APGAR scores were 6 and 8 at 1 and 5 min. Birthweight was 2.33 kg (−2.5 SD) and head circumference was 31.5 cm (−2.5 SD). On examination he had a sacral dimple, increased appendicular tone, and bilateral contractures to the third and fifth digits (Fig. 1d). An echocardiogram showed a patent ductus arteriosus. He experienced feeding difficulties in the neonatal period and required nasogastric feeding. MRI at 2 weeks of life showed mild prominence of lateral ventricles and extra-axial spaces, enlarged cisterna magna, and a thin corpus callosum. MRI repeated at 10 months of age showed interval enlargement of the supratentorial extra-axial spaces, mild dilatation of the lateral and 3rd ventricles as well as the enlarged cisterna magna and thin corpus callosum (Fig. 1c). The patient’s facial features showed bitemporal narrowing with down-slanted palpebral fissures, deep-set eyes with hooded appearance, a prominent nasal root, low-set and mildly dysplastic ears, and a downturned mouth (Fig. 1a, b). He had bilateral ankle contractures and proximal placement of the first toes. At 4 months of age he continued to have contractures of ankles and 3rd digits of his hands. He is currently followed for visual impairment with bilateral optic atrophy. He has bilateral hydronephrosis. He further has a history of recurring otitis media with resultant conductive hearing loss. From a young age, he has experienced frequent dysphagia and emesis with ingestion of thicker liquids. At 15 months, his weight was 7.9 kg (−3.3 SD) and length was 72.9 cm (−2.2 SD). Head circumference showed relatively slower growth velocity at 41.5 cm (−4.6 SD). At 21 months of age, he had yet to stand or say his first words. A karyotype and microarray were normal. Given the history of consanguinity and the syndromic features in Patient 1, the parents of the patient had genetic counselling and were quoted a recurrence risk of up to 25 %. The patient was enrolled in a research study at the Children’s Hospital of Eastern Ontario, at the age of 13 months. Patient 2 was born at 41 + 3 weeks by spontaneous vaginal delivery, to healthy French Canadian parents. Parents were not consanguineous. The patient has two older siblings in good health. Birthweight was 3.2 kg (- 1.1 SD). There were no concerns in the newborn period with the exception of feeding difficulties. At 7 months of age, she was referred to Genetics for microcephaly and dysmorphic features. At that time she weighed 6.65 Kg (−1.5 SD), with length of 65.2 cm (- 1 SD). Head circumference was 39.8 (−2.9 SD). On examination, she had bitemporal narrowing, a prominent occiput and deep set eyes. In addition, she had a pronounced asymmetry of the ears, with her right ear being lower set, anteverted, and with a simple helix (Fig. 1e-g). She underwent bilateral otoplasty at the age of four. She experienced several febrile seizures starting at 15 months of age. Her seizures continued in the absence of fever, and she experienced a number of generalized tonic-clonic seizures before beginning anticonvulsant medication at 8 years of age. Her seizures have since been well controlled, with low dose treatment with Levetiracetam. An MRI, at 34 months of age, showed ventricles and subarachnoid space in the upper limits of the normal range but with no other structural abnormality. She said her first word at 32 months. By 8 years of age she had 10 words, and by 11 years, she occasionally spoke in short sentences. She walked at 25 months. At the age of 12, she was described as having a broad-based clumsy gait, and exhibited a mild tremor and ataxia when reaching for objects. As a toddler, she demonstrated stereotypic behavior including hand flapping, tongue thrusting during feedings, as well as an aversion to being touched and to certain textures. Hand flapping has persisted into adolescence. At 11 years of age, she had a height of 159 cm (+2 SD), a weight of 56 Kg (+1.7 SD), and a head circumference of 51 cm (−1.3 SD). During her last assessment at age 12, her features were further described as a long face, bitemporal narrowing, hooded palpebral fissures, deep set eyes, prominent nasal bridge and bulbous tip to her nose, smooth philtrum, wide spaced teeth, tapering fingers and mild pectus excavatum (Fig. 1g). During her diagnostic work-up she underwent several investigations that included normal karyotype, chromosomal microarray, FISH for 22q11.2, methylation specific MLPA and sequencing of UBE3A, sequencing of MECP1 and MECP2, TCF4, and mitochondrial DNA whole genome sequencing all yielded normal results. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood lymphocytes using standard methods. The Trusight One Sequencing panel (Illumina) was used to capture 4813 genes deemed to be “clinically relevant”. Enriched libraries from patient 1 and his parents (trio approach) were pooled and sequenced on the MiSeq (Illumina). The detailed protocol has been previously reported [22]. RT-PCR and Sanger sequencing were performed by standard protocols using primers targeting DYRK1A (NM_001396.3) coding exon-5 (Ex5F:5′-TTGAGCTCATGAACAAACATGAC-3′) and coding exon-8 (Ex8R:5′-GAGCAGGTGGAATACCCAGA-3′) on RNA extracted from patient and control lymphoblast cell lines. A de novo variant in DYRK1A [c.951 + 4_951 + 7delAGTA; p.Val222Aspfs*22] was identified in patient 1 at 14.5 months of age. This variant is predicted to affect splicing by Alamut Visual version 2.7 (Interactive Biosoftware, Rouen, France) and was confirmed by RT-PCR (Fig. 2b) and Sanger sequencing (Fig. 2c). Patient 2 had clinical testing with a next-generation sequencing panel for epilepsy (Comprehensive Epilepsy Panel; Medical Neurogenetics Lab, Georgia, USA) and this revealed a nonsense mutation [c.787C>T; p.(Arg263*)] in DYRK1A. Parents were tested and found to not carry the mutation in keeping with a de novo mutation. Both individuals had novel DYRK1A mutations, and presented with the key features of the DYRK1A phenotype, as well as less commonly observed findings that contribute to a broadening of the phenotypic spectrum of this recognizable syndrome. Patient 1 was seen prenatally given the IUGR and an enlarged cisterna magna observed on routine prenatal ultrasound. At birth, camptodactyly, hypertonia, and distinctive facial features were noted. A diagnosis occurred at 14.5 months of age and was possible because of the early recognition of a likely monogenic syndrome and accessibility to comprehensive, NGS-based panel testing. In contrast, Patient 2 was referred to Genetics given the history of a mild post-natal microcephaly, dysmorphic features and developmental delays. During her childhood she experienced an extensive diagnostic odyssey with many genetic, metabolic, and imaging investigations performed. A molecular diagnosis was also possible with NGS panel testing for epilepsy-related genes at age 12 years. A PubMed search for reported cases of DYRK1A mutations or partial chromosome 21 deletions yielded a total of 52 patients from 17 papers (Table 1). A summary of the clinical features of the 2 patients and the previously published cases is shown in Table 2. We recognize that any conclusions based on published data may enrich for more severe phenotypes; however the relatively large number of cases (n = 54) may attenuate this potential source of bias. The age at diagnosis of the patients and those from the literature showed a wide range from 17 months to 59 years. The 14.5 months observed for patient 1 was the earliest reported molecular diagnosis. On history, disease manifestations were early in most patients and prenatal findings were observed in 33/43 (77 %). This included 21 cases of IUGR, 2 cases of oligohydramnios and 1 case of polyhydramnios. Birth measurements were commonly in the low range (<-2 SD), though this was not universal. In aggregate, the most common features were ID and developmental delay seen in 53/53 cases (100 %), dysmorphic facies in 53/54 (98 %), feeding difficulties in 44/46 (96 %), and microcephaly (<-2 SD) seen in 44/51 (86 %). A number of other features were also noted in the majority such as stereotypies and abnormal gait (Table 2). Weight and height at last clinical assessment were less than − 2 SD in only 44 and 42 % respectively. There were 5 patients who were within the normal range for height, weight and head circumference. Febrile seizures were reported in 31/46 (67 %) cases and a later diagnosis of epilepsy or non-febrile seizures was observed in 60 %. Patient 2 and 8 other patients from the literature were reported to have good control of their seizures with anti-epileptic medication. Two children from the literature were described as having progressively worsening seizures, one presented with seizures shortly after birth and the other was refractory to medication by the age 10 years [11, 13]. Both patients had large deletions encompassing DYRK1A in addition to other genes on chromosome 21. Results of brain imaging were reported for 42 patients from the literature. Thirty-two had abnormal findings (76 %). Enlarged ventricles were described in 22 patients, general or cortical atrophy in 17 patients, a thin brainstem in 13 patients, and a thin corpus callosum in 9 patients. Other less common findings include pituitary stalk hypoplasia in 7 cases, a neuronal migration defect in 1 case, and an enlarged cisterna magna observed in our case (Fig. 1c). An additional less commonly seen feature observed in Patient 1 was bilateral optic disc pallor. Anomalies of the optic disc or optic nerve have been seen in 6 other individuals with DYRK1A mutations. Visual abnormalities were seen in 25 of 32 patients, including hyperopia, myopia, strabismus, astigmatism, exotropia, amblyopia, and corneal clouding. There was also retinal detachment in the oldest individual published in the literature, at 59 years. Dysmorphic features characteristic of a DYRK1A mutation were near universal in 53/54 patients. This includes deep set eyes with a hooded appearance to the lateral aspect of the palpebral fissures, a prominent nasal root, bitemporal narrowing, prominent and dysplastic ears. Hand and/or foot abnormalities were also seen in 25 patients that included long tapered fingers, small hands and feet, 5th finger clinodactyly, toe syndactyly, high arched feet, and proximal placement of the first toe. Polydactyly was reported in 2 cases. Spinal or thoracic abnormalities were seen in 11 patients; presenting with pectus excavatum, kyphosis, scoliosis, and abnormal cervical spine. Seventeen patients were reported to have gastrointestinal symptoms, including gastroesophageal reflux disease in 12 patients, 3 of whom required a Nissen fundoplication, recurrent vomiting in 4 patients, pyloric stenosis in 2 patients, and duodenal atresia in 1 patient. Our summary of the previously reported cases and our 2 cases highlight relatively rare findings within this group. Contractures in the digits or lower limbs were seen in our patient 1 (Fig. 1d) as well as 4 others. An ataxic gait, seen in patient 2, was also described in 5 other individuals. There have been 10 cases in the literature that reported recurring or frequent infections. Cardiac anomalies, including ventricular septal defect (VSD), patent ductus arteriosis (PDA), and aortic valve stenosis or insufficiency, were found in 8 cases. There were 9 reports of genitourinary findings: cryptorchidism in 3 patients, unilateral renal agenesis, pelvic kidney, renal cyst, hypospadia, micropenis, and our patient 1 with bilateral hydronephrosis. Though these cardiac and renal findings are not seen in the majority of patients with DYRK1A mutations, they should be considered during monitoring and long-term care. A schematic representation of the 35 intragenic and de novo DYRK1A mutations is shown in Fig. 3. The DYRK1A protein contains a kinase domain, spanning from residue 158 – 479 [23]. Other important features in the N-terminus include a nuclear localization signal and a DYRK-homology box, a sequence highly conserved in the DYRK family of unknown function [23, 24]. From residue 588 to 616, there is a targeting signal that has been shown to cause localization of the protein to subnuclear compartments associated with splicing machinery [25]. The majority of mutations occurred within the kinase domain or in the N-terminal (12 nonsense, 10 frameshift, and 5 splice site mutations). Of the 6 missense mutations, 5 occurred within the kinase domain, potentially leading to diminished protein function. The only missense mutation falling outside of the functional domain alters the first residue of the speckle-targeting signal, important for the localization of the DYRK1A protein. There does not seem to be a clear genotype-phenotype correlation with the mutations and the phenotypes reported. There were 4 patients with the same nonsense mutation, p.Arg205* reported by different groups and they did not appear to differ from the majority of cases reported. The recurrence of the p.Arg205* mutation is likely due to its location in a CpG dinucleotide, which are mutation hotspots [26]. In summary, children with ID and syndromic features should be considered for a possible DYRK1A mutation testing especially if the recognizable facial features are present. Growth and feeding issues would also support its potential diagnosis. At the time of diagnosis, abdominal ultrasound, cardiac and ophthalmological assessments would be recommended given the frequency of anomalies. Genetic counselling would also be recommended in view of the potential for a balanced translocation in a parent with a child carrying microdeletions encompassing DYRK1A [7, 21]. A recurrence due to possible gonadal mosaicism has yet to be observed. Routine follow-up with a pediatrician would be highly recommended given feeding issues, growth and developmental delays.
Loss-of-function mutations in SCN4A cause severe foetal hypokinesia or ‘classical’ congenital myopathy. Keywords: SCN4A, loss-of-function mutation, foetal hypokinesia, foetal akinesia, congenital myopathy. Congenital myopathies are a clinically and genetically heterogeneous group of muscle disorders characterized by congenital or early-onset hypotonia and muscle weakness, and specific pathological features on muscle biopsy. The phenotype ranges from foetal akinesia resulting in in utero or neonatal mortality, to milder disorders that are not life-limiting. Over the past decade, more than 20 new congenital myopathy genes have been identified. Most encode proteins involved in muscle contraction; however, mutations in ion channel-encoding genes are increasingly being recognized as a cause of this group of disorders. SCN4A encodes the α-subunit of the skeletal muscle voltage-gated sodium channel (Na v 1.4). This channel is essential for the generation and propagation of the muscle action potential crucial to muscle contraction. Dominant SCN4A gain-of-function mutations are a well-established cause of myotonia and periodic paralysis. Using whole exome sequencing, we identified homozygous or compound heterozygous SCN4A mutations in a cohort of 11 individuals from six unrelated kindreds with congenital myopathy. Affected members developed in utero - or neonatal-onset muscle weakness of variable severity. In seven cases, severe muscle weakness resulted in death during the third trimester or shortly after birth. The remaining four cases had marked congenital or neonatal-onset hypotonia and weakness associated with mild-to-moderate facial and neck weakness, significant neonatal-onset respiratory and swallowing difficulties and childhood-onset spinal deformities. All four surviving cohort members experienced clinical improvement in the first decade of life. Muscle biopsies showed myopathic features including fibre size variability, presence of fibrofatty tissue of varying severity, without specific structural abnormalities. Electrophysiology suggested a myopathic process, without myotonia. In vitro functional assessment in HEK293 cells of the impact of the identified SCN4A mutations showed loss-of-function of the mutant Na v 1.4 channels. All, apart from one, of the mutations either caused fully non-functional channels, or resulted in a reduced channel activity. Each of the affected cases carried at least one full loss-of-function mutation. In five out of six families, a second loss-of-function mutation was present on the trans allele. These functional results provide convincing evidence for the pathogenicity of the identified mutations and suggest that different degrees of loss-of-function in mutant Na v 1.4 channels are associated with attenuation of the skeletal muscle action potential amplitude to a level insufficient to support normal muscle function. The results demonstrate that recessive loss-of-function SCN4A mutations should be considered in patients with a congenital myopathy. Congenital myopathies are a group of clinically and genetically heterogeneous muscle disorders often characterized by specific structural abnormalities in muscle biopsies. The degree of severity varies widely from profound muscle weakness leading to in utero or neonatal lethality, to less severe infant- or childhood-onset weakness, which results in a much milder clinical course ( Wallgren-Pettersson and Laing, 2010 ). Common features are prominent facial muscle weakness with or without ptosis and proximal predominant limb muscle weakness. Congenital myopathies demonstrate a considerable degree of locus and allelic heterogeneity. Mutations in different genes can cause the same pathology, and mutations in the same gene can lead to different types of muscle pathology. This indicates that disruption of a common pathway, rather than a strict gene-pathology relationship, determines the disease pathogenesis ( Sewry et al. , 2008 ; Nance et al. , 2012 ; Ravenscroft et al. , 2015 ). In the past decade, whole exome sequencing has contributed to a better understanding of the pathogenesis of congenital myopathies, by facilitating the identification of novel disease-causing genes and by broadening our understanding of the range of phenotypes associated with known causative genes. SCN4A encodes the α-subunit of the skeletal muscle voltage-gated sodium channel (Na v 1.4) mainly expressed in skeletal muscle. The tetrodotoxin-sensitive Na v 1.4 channel ( Trimmer et al. , 1989 ; Zhou and Hoffman, 1994 ) is essential for the generation and propagation of the muscle action potential crucial for skeletal muscle contraction. Na v 1.4 is a large protein composed of four homologous domains (DI–DIV) each consisting of six transmembrane segments (S1–S6). Segments S5 and S6 of each domain form the single ion-conducting pore, while S1–S4 form the voltage sensing domains. The four positively charged S4 segments function as voltage sensors regulating the opening and closing of the pore ( Stühmer et al. , 1989 ). Dominant gain-of-function mutations in SCN4A are a well-established cause of disorders collectively termed sodium channelopathies. The range of phenotypes associated with sodium channelopathies includes episodes of muscle stiffness (potassium-aggravated myotonia), episodes of paralytic attacks associated with reduced serum potassium levels (hypokalaemic periodic paralysis) or combination of attacks of both myotonia and periodic paralysis in the same patient (paramyotonia congenita, hyperkalaemic periodic paralysis) ( Vicart et al. , 2005 ; Ryan et al. , 2007 ; Corrochano et al. , 2014 ). Attacks can be triggered by changes in temperature or ion concentration and can last from minutes to days. In myotonia, the mutated Na v 1.4 causes sarcolemmal hyperexcitability and delayed muscle relaxation after contraction, while in periodic paralysis a prolonged sodium current (hyperkalaemic periodic paralysis) or an aberrant gating pore current through Na v 1.4 (hypokalaemic periodic paralysis type 2) results in membrane depolarization and inexcitability ( Suetterlin et al. , 2014 ). Neonatal hypotonia with variable feeding and respiratory difficulty has also been rarely reported in the sodium channelopathies. This is a transient phenomenon, however, which improves spontaneously ( Matthews et al. , 2008 ). Recessive loss-of-function SCN4A mutations are rare and have been described in only two patients with congenital myasthenic syndrome. Two heteroallelic missense SCN4A mutations were detected in a patient with neonatal onset of fatigable generalized weakness and recurrent attacks of respiratory and bulbar paralysis ( Tsujino et al. , 2003 ). In the second patient, the onset was ∼12 years of age with episodic generalized weakness lasting for hours and resulting in muscle fatigue later in life ( Arnold et al. , 2015 ). A homozygous missense mutation in SCN4A was identified in this patient, while the heterozygous parents were asymptomatic. In both patients, the mutant Na v 1.4 channels had enhanced fast inactivation, constituting a loss-of-function effect. Here, we describe homozygous or compound heterozygous SCN4A mutations in 11 individuals from six unrelated families with congenital myopathy. The affected cases had clinical phenotypes ranging from severe foetal hypokinesia resulting in early lethality to ‘classical’ congenital myopathy that improved clinically over time. Functional assessment of the mutant Na v 1.4 channels in HEK293 cells revealed full and partial loss-of-function effects constituting a novel molecular pathomechanism associated with SCN4A mutations. Whole exome sequencing was carried out in the proband from Family 1 as part of the European Commission funded NeurOmics project. Following a filtering procedure ( de Ligt et al. , 2012 ) and assuming a recessive mode of inheritance, we were left with eight high quality variants ( Supplementary Table 3 ). Only the two heterozygous variants in SCN4A were not present in the Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC) database and were predicted to be pathogenic and thus were considered as the disease-causing mutations. Segregation analysis showed that the compound heterozygous SCN4A c.311G>A (p.R104H) and c.3403C>T (p.R1135C) mutations detected in the proband had been inherited from the unaffected mother and father, respectively. Through an international collaborative effort we identified 10 additional cases with congenital myopathy from five unrelated families ( Fig. 1 ). The affected cases carried homozygous or compound heterozygous SCN4A variants that were predicted to be pathogenic. All 11 SCN4A mutations identified in the cohort members are described in Fig. 2 . The SCN4A mutations were validated by Sanger sequencing and segregation consistent with an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance was confirmed in all six families. The location of the mutations relative to the domains of the Na v 1.4 protein is presented in Fig. 2 A. Consistent with mutations responsible for a rare early-onset recessive disorder, eight of the variants had not been reported previously in ExAC, and three mutations (p.Q470X, p.H1782Qfs65 and p.D1069N) were present at very low frequency (<0.00001) ( Fig. 2 B). Of the 11 SCN4A mutations identified, nine had not been previously reported, p.R1135C has been described in a homozygous state in a patient with hypokalaemic periodic paralysis ( Groome et al. , 2014 ) and p.R225W was reported in a heterozygous state in a patient with mild non-dystrophic myotonia ( Lee et al. , 2009 ). We detected a continuum of clinical severity ranging from severe foetal hypokinesia resulting in early lethality in seven cases, to a milder congenital myopathy phenotype in four surviving individuals. Phenotypic features of the cohort are summarized in Table 1 and clinical data are detailed in Supplementary Table 1 . Clinical and muscle MRI images are shown in Fig. 3 . The most salient clinical features are described below. In utero history. The seven most severely affected cohort members developed marked foetal hypokinesia from 19 to 32 weeks gestation. All seven also developed in utero -onset limb contractures and/or talipes, which were first detected at 19 to 31 weeks . Talipes was the most common limb deformity (seen on ultrasound in 5/7 severely affected infants; first detected between 19 to 27 weeks). Additional lower limb joint contractures were noted prior to delivery in five of the infants. In utero -onset upper limb and/or finger contractures were detected on ultrasound in four cases, sometimes in combination with lower limb contractures (three cases). Almost all severely affected cohort members also developed features suggestive of hydrops (present in 6/7; evident from 20 to 31 weeks). The mothers of all seven severely affected cohort members developed polyhydramnios (onset 20 to 31 weeks), which typically developed in parallel with hypokinesia and foetal limb contractures. Decompression procedures to reduce liquor volume were required in two cases. Prematurity and early death. One severely affected infant was born at term but died at 5 h of age from respiratory complications. The other six severely affected infants died at or before 36 weeks gestation: two infants died spontaneously prior to delivery (at 29 and 31 weeks gestation), one died during delivery (at 36 weeks), two died within 8 h of their premature delivery due to severe respiratory insufficiency (at 32 and 33 weeks), and one pregnancy was terminated at 28 weeks gestation due to recurrence of features seen in two severely affected pregnancies. All seven cohort members who did not survive beyond the first day of life had at least one sign of in utero involvement (e.g. hypokinesia, limb contractures or talipes) by 32 weeks gestation, and in 4/7 cases at least one abnormality was evident by 20 weeks. External examination and autopsy findings. External examination was undertaken in all seven infants who died prematurely or at term. Six also underwent autopsy. Marked muscle hypoplasia was present in all seven. Hydrops was confirmed in six cases. External and autopsy examination revealed features associated with hydrops (e.g. pericardial and pleural effusions, ascites and/or hepatomegaly), in addition to the features associated with severe foetal hypokinesia (a small thorax, pulmonary hypoplasia, limb contractures and fractures). In addition to talipes (present in 6/7 cases), four had lower limb contractures; typically bilateral hip flexion contractures (3/4) with or without additional external rotation, and knee extension contractures (4/4). Five had upper limb contractures (finger flexion in 4/7, wrist 1/7, elbow flexion 2/7, shoulder flexion 1/7). In general, lower limb contractures were more marked than upper limb contractures. Limb fractures were present in 2/7 cases (left humerus and right mid-femur). Thin gracile ribs and/or thin long bones were noted in at least 2/7 cases. Several infants had additional facial features that were not shared by other family members. This included plagiocephaly (1/7), frontal bossing (2/7), deep set eyes (2/7 cases), downward-sloping lateral orbital ridges (1/7), a flattened nose (3/7), ear abnormalities (3/7), retrognathia and/or micrognathia (3/7), and/or a small triangular or tented mouth (2/7). A subset of these (e.g. multiple joint contractures, hydrops/oedema, pulmonary hypoplasia, and retromicrognathia) are well-known features of foetal akinesia deformation sequence ( Ravenscroft et al. , 2011 ). The four surviving cohort members are currently aged 2.5, 8, 14 and 35 years, and all have features consistent with ‘classical’ congenital myopathy. In utero and birth history. Pregnancy records were available for three of the four surviving cohort members, with limited data available for the fourth. In utero features were generally less marked than in severe foetal hypokinesia cases; however, at least one abnormality (hypokinesia, polyhydramnios or talipes) was present in three of the four cases. Foetal hypokinesia was noted during the pregnancies of two of the four surviving cohort members (onset at 20 and 31 weeks, respectively), but appears to have been less marked than in more severely affected cohort members. Polyhydramnios complicated the pregnancies of 2/4 surviving cohort members and was first noted slightly later (31 to 40 weeks). None of the surviving cohort members had limb contractures or talipes detected on prenatal ultrasound, or a history of hydrops. All four were born at or close to term. Breech presentation, or transverse lie, complicated delivery of three of these four affected individuals. One required resuscitation following delivery. Congenital features. All four surviving cohort members had moderate-to-severe hypotonia and facial, neck, axial and limb weakness, which was either present at birth (3/4) or developed within the first few days of life (as was the case for the proband from Family 3). A weak cry, a generalized reduction in muscle bulk, and reduced or absent limb reflexes were also each noted in two or more surviving infants. Talipes was present in only one of the four, and this was not detected until delivery. Another child had mild bilateral hip contractures first noted at birth, which resolved with stretching exercises. Bulbar involvement. Swallowing difficulties, severe enough to warrant supplemental tube and/or parenteral gastrostomy (PEG) feeding, were present from birth in 3/4 surviving cohort members. Reliance on supplemental feeding typically declined over time, and ceased during infancy or early childhood. The two youngest cohort members (now aged 2.5 and 8 years) have evidence of persisting oromotor weakness and expressive language delay suggestive of ongoing bulbar involvement, however both have experienced improvement in their feeding and language status, over time. Pattern of muscle involvement and contractures. All surviving cohort members had mild-to-moderate upper and lower limb weakness, which was typically more marked proximally (3/4 cases). Hip extension and abduction were the weakest manoeuvres in 2/4 cases. Neck weakness was universal (4/4), and typically more pronounced than limb weakness. Neck flexion was usually weaker than extension. Shoulder, neck and truncal muscle atrophy was often more marked than limb muscle atrophy. Muscle hypertrophy, muscle pain and fasciculations were not present in any cohort member. Postnatal-onset lower limb contractures were noted in only 1/4 surviving cohort member. Abnormal foot positioning was noted in 2/4 (pes planus in 1/4, hindfoot valgus/forefoot pronation deformities in 1/4). Progression in axial weakness was documented in at least one surviving cohort member. This resulted in the development of respiratory insufficiency severe enough to warrant institution of non-invasive nocturnal ventilation at age 6 years. Two of the four surviving cohort members needed non-invasive respiratory support at or soon after birth, and a third required invasive ventilation. The duration of support varied; however, two were weaned from respiratory intervention by the age of 2 years. The third remains reliant on nocturnal BiPAP (bilevel positive airway pressure) at age 2.5. Postnatal-onset scoliosis, kyphosis and spinal rigidity each were also reported in at least one additional case. Facial and eye involvement. Mild-to-moderate facial weakness and myopathic facial features including an elongated face and/or a high arched palate were present in all four cases ( Fig. 3 ). Additional dysmorphisms noted in at least 1/4 included dolichocephaly, synophrys, proptosis, large down-slanting palpebral fissures, and a broad nasal root and bridge. A subset of the dysmorphic facial features noted in cohort members with severe foetal hypokinesia, including deep set eyes, frontal bossing and micrognathia were present in at least one surviving individual. Mild weakness of up-gaze developed in one child at age 3 years. Generalized ophthalmoplegia was noted in a second affected individual. Ptosis was not present in any cohort member. Functional abilities. Delay in early motor milestones was universal. Age when independent ambulation was first achieved ranged from 18 months to 2 years 9 months. At least two cohort members were eventually able to run, albeit slowly and with difficulty. Gait was typically broad-based, slow, and waddling. Two of four used assistive devices (splints and/or frame), and 2/4 used a wheelchair. At least two cohort members had additional fine motor delay. All four experienced clearly documented improvements in strength and motor skills over time. All three that achieved independent ambulation remain able to walk. The youngest (2.5 years old) member is making good progress towards walking independently. Additional features. Other features noted in two or more affected individuals included chest wall deformities (2/4), generalized joint hypermobility (at least 2/4), unilateral or bilateral scapular winging (one case each) ( Fig. 3 ). One surviving cohort member had tricuspid insufficiency at birth, which resolved with time. No cardiac defects were present in the other three individuals, and none have developed additional cardiac complications over time. Intermittent exacerbations in muscle. weakness and increased fatigability. Marked fatigability with walking and/or writing was a feature in at least 3/4 of the surviving cohort members. The proband from Family 1 (carrying heterozygous p.R1135C), who is now 14 years of age, began to experience exercise- and illness-associated exacerbations in her level of muscle weakness from the age of 12, and an activity-limiting increase in her fatigability from age 13. These episodes can last a few minutes and while they could be considered reminiscent of periodic paralysis, her repetitive stimulation and single fibre EMG results were normal, with no evidence of alteration of the amplitude or the total area of the compound muscle action potential during exercise test performed after cooling or after a long exercise test. The oldest cohort member (now aged 35) has experienced a deterioration in her strength and motor abilities, and increase in fatigability over the past 5 years. She also has an abnormal repetitive stimulation test result suggestive of an additional neuromuscular junction abnormality ( Table 2 ), which may be contributing to her fatigability. One of her mutations was reported previously in a family with autosomal dominant non-dystrophic myotonia ( Lee et al. , 2009 ); however, myotonia was notably absent in this and all other cohort members. Status of confirmed carriers. Segregation studies confirmed that all 12 parents, and one unaffected sibling (from Family 4) were carriers of one SCN4A mutation. Eight parents (from Families 1, 4, 5 and 6) and the sibling carrier were examined by an experienced neurologist and/or clinical geneticist and showed no evidence of myopathy, myotonia or other abnormal neurological features. This included the paternal carrier of p.R1135C mutation (previously reported in an unusual recessive form of hypokalaemic periodic paralysis). The remaining four parents were unavailable for formal examination but by report, had no neurological symptoms or signs. This included the maternal carrier of the p.R225W mutation (previously reported in dominant non-dystrophic myotonia). Investigations performed in the cohort members are summarized in Table 2 . The creatine kinase level was normal (21–118 U/l) in all four surviving cohort members. Neurophysiology testing was undertaken in all four cohort members who survived infancy. EMG findings were normal in 2/4. Mild abnormalities were present in 1/4. In Patient II.1 from Family 4, there were widespread myopathic changes in all four limbs at age 14 months, however on repeat testing at age 6 years all abnormalities had normalized, in parallel with a gradual improvement in strength and motor abilities. Single fibre EMG was normal in one cohort member. Repetitive stimulation testing was undertaken in two cohort members. Neither had a positive decrement at 3 Hz. In the oldest cohort member there was, however, a 60% decrement at 10 Hz. Nerve conduction velocities were normal in 2/4 members. Testing undertaken in the oldest cohort member, at age 35 years, showed reduced motor amplitudes. The fourth surviving cohort member had sensory conduction abnormalities at age 45 days and 14 months, but these had normalized by 6 years of age. Muscle, spinal and cerebral magnetic resonance imaging. Lower limb muscle MRI was undertaken in Patients II.1 Family 1 (at age 6 years) and II.1 Family 2 (at age 35 years) ( Fig. 3 ). Both patients had severe involvement of the glutei, marked bilateral, symmetric involvement of sartorius, adductor magnus and soleus. Spinal MRI was undertaken in one cohort member and showed a scoliosis and erector spinae muscle atrophy but a normal spinal cord. Cerebral MRI was performed in two cohort members (one at 14 days, the other at 15 months of age) and was normal in both. Post-mortem muscle samples were taken from all foetal hypokinesia affected cohort members: Patient II.2 Family 4 (gestational age 40/40); Family 5 Patient II.1 (33/40), Patient II.2 (31/40), and Patient II.3 (36/40); and Family 6 Patient II.1 (29/40), Patient II.2 (32/40), and Patient II.3 (28/40). Muscle histopathology findings included abnormal fibre size variation with a mixture of small and large fibres across fascicles without overt grouping. Presence of fibrofatty tissue, which was particularly severe in Patient II.1 Family 6, was noted in all cases ( Fig. 4 A–C). Necrosis and regeneration were not seen. Rods, other inclusions, cores or other structural abnormalities were absent ( Fig. 4 ). Quadriceps muscle biopsies taken from the congenital myopathy cohort members showed milder myopathic features ( Fig. 4 ). A combination of slow fibre hypotrophy with normal to larger sized fast fibres and mild slow predominance was seen in Patient II.1 Family 1. No overt structural abnormalities or nemaline rods were present ( Fig. 4 ). Where fibre typing data were available, muscle samples in the foetal hypokinesia cohort showed fast predominance, probably related to immaturity, while mild to marked slow predominance was observed in the biopsies from the congenital myopathy cohort. The truncating mutations p.Q470X and p.Y1593X would delete 1366 and 240 amino acids, respectively from the C-terminal end of the Na v 1.4 protein. They would result in nonsense-mediated decay of the SCN4A transcript or if translated in non-functional channels. To investigate the effect of the c.3145-2A>C mutation on SCN4A mRNA splicing, we performed reverse transcription PCR in peripheral blood cells from the proband, mother and father from Family 4. Using primers flanking exon 15–17, two distinct fragments were amplified. A smaller fragment was obtained in all three samples while a larger fragment was only present in the index case and the father. Sanger sequencing demonstrated the smaller to be a 424 bp fragment corresponding to the wild-type SCN4A transcript of exons 15–17. The larger 971 bp fragment contained exons 15–17 and an additional 547 bp of intron 16 ( Supplementary Fig. 1 ). The retained intron 16 sequence introduces a stop codon in the SCN4A mRNA coding sequence at amino acid position 1099 (p.A1049VfsX50) that would generate a truncated Na v 1.4 protein. The deletion of 738 C-terminal amino acids is predicted to induce complete loss of Na v 1.4 channel function. The frameshift p.H1782Qfs65 located at the channel C-terminus caused by c.5345 duplication generates a protein that is nine amino acids longer than the wild-type. The mutated channels would have C-terminal sequence that is completely altered compared to wild-type channels. The effect of C-terminus frameshift mutations is largely unknown and therefore p.H1782Qfs65 was included in the functional analyses. Three of the variants (p.R104H, p.P382T and p.C1209F) did not display any detectable sodium currents when expressed in HEK293 cells ( n > 10) ( Fig. 5 ), suggesting that they render the channel completely non-functional. Variants p.M203K, p.R225W and p.D1069N displayed currents with reduced amplitude ( P < 0.001 for M203K and R225W, P = 0.07 for D1069N). The voltage dependence of channel activation for these three variants was shifted to depolarizing direction ( P < 0.001) ( Fig. 5 and Table 3 ). The data clearly demonstrate that the function of these channels is impaired. The loss-of-function effects of the p. D1069N mutation were confirmed in an alternate heterologous expression system, Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells (data not shown). The frameshift variant p.H1782Qfs65 did not display any loss of Na v 1.4 channel function properties upon heterologous expression. Neither the peak current density, the voltage dependencies of the channel activation, fast- or slow inactivation, nor the time courses of onset or recovery from fast inactivation were significantly different from wild-type channels ( Fig. 5 , Table 3 , Supplementary Fig. 2 and Supplementary Table 4 ). In addition to impaired channel activation, the voltage dependence of fast inactivation was shifted to depolarizing direction for p.D1069N ( P < 0.001) and p.M203K ( P < 0.05) variants ( Fig. 5 and Table 3 ). Some substitutions also displayed a statistically significant change in the voltage dependence of slow inactivation or in the kinetics of fast inactivation. Analysis of these data is shown in Supplementary Fig. 2 and Supplementary Table 4. The p.R1135C channel has been comprehensively characterized ( Groome et al. , 2014 ). It causes loss of channel function by enhancing fast inactivation of the channel. In addition it causes gating pore currents, which are typical for hypokalaemic periodic paralysis mutant channel. We studied the gating pore currents of the p.R1135C channels using X. laevis oocyte expression system. We found that the gating pore current of the rat Na v 1.4-R1128C orthologue is active at hyperpolarized resting voltages even when the holding voltage is hyperpolarized ( Supplementary Fig. 3 ). This differs from previous studies ( Groome et al. , 2014 ) that detected the hyperpolarization activated gating pore currents only after a depolarizing prepulse. Using whole exome sequencing, we ascertained a cohort of 11 individuals from six unrelated and ethnically distinct kindreds with homozygous or compound heterozygous mutations in SCN4A . Affected individuals presented with congenital myopathy of variable severity. All had in utero - or neonatal-onset muscle weakness resulting in reduced foetal movements. Patients at the severe end of the spectrum had clinical features associated with foetal hypokinesia (maternal polyhydramnios, in utero upper/lower limb contractures, talipes and hydrops) resulting in intrauterine or early postnatal death. The patients at the less severe end of the spectrum presented with generalized hypotonia and weakness at birth or within the first few days of life. This was typically associated with mild-to-moderate facial muscle weakness without ptosis, and significant early respiratory and feeding difficulties. Surviving individuals had delayed motor milestones and achieved independent ambulation before the age of 3 years. Consistent with many forms of ‘classical’ congenital myopathy, all cohort members who survived infancy experienced improvement in their strength and motor skills over time, and concomitant resolution of early respiratory and feeding difficulties. The phenotype of the cohort members described in this study differs from that of other sodium channelopathies (e.g. autosomal dominant myotonia and autosomal dominant periodic paralysis), and from the two reported SCN4A -related congenital myasthenia cases. In stark contrast to other sodium channelopathies, the congenital myopathy cohort members had in utero - or neonatal-onset permanent muscle weakness, rather than later-onset episodic muscle weakness. Although individuals with periodic paralysis and, in rare instances, paramyotonia congenita, sometimes develop permanent proximal muscle weakness ( Suetterlin et al. , 2014) , this is typically a late complication of the condition and not a presenting feature. In addition, none of the patients had the typical features of weakness aggravated by specific factors (cold, special food and exercise) that trigger a worsening of stiffness and/or weakness in SCN4A -related myotonia or periodic paralysis ( Cannon, 2015 ). While in one teenaged patient excessive muscle activity was associated with marked increase in fatigue, detailed electrophysiology examination failed to demonstrate neuromuscular junction defects or aspects evocative of periodic paralysis. Other characteristic features of our patient cohort were the association with abnormal muscle histopathological features, and a selective pattern of muscle involvement on muscle MRI. The majority of SCN4A mutations associated with periodic paralysis and myotonia are dominantly inherited and cause gain-of-function predominantly by enhancing channel activation, attenuating fast inactivation or by inducing gating pore currents. Mild enhancement of fast inactivation leading to a loss-of-function effect has been reported for some Na v 1.4 mutations in hypokalaemic periodic paralysis. Thus far, there are only two reports of loss of Na v 1.4 channel function and recessive inheritance of SCN4A mutations in congenital myasthenic syndrome ( Tsujino et al. , 2003 ; Arnold et al. , 2015 ). The loss-of-function effects were caused by enhanced fast inactivation in both cases. In this study, we establish that recessive SCN4A loss-of-function mutations are the underlying pathomechanism in patients affected by a novel form of congenital myopathy. All 12 parents and one unaffected sibling were confirmed to be carriers of one SCN4A mutation but were unaffected clinically, based on formal examination in nine cases, and on history and verbal report in the other four. The absence of clinical findings in confirmed carriers suggests that the loss of function in only one allele is insufficient to cause a clinical phenotype, and further suggest an autosomal recessive mechanism of inheritance. The inheritance of full loss-of-function mutations on both alleles appears to cause a particularly severe phenotype resulting in early lethality, evidenced by the homozygous p.P382T mutation detected in the three affected individuals from Family 5. This suggests that muscles without functional Na v 1.4 channels are unable to support life. The remaining cohort members carried compound heterozygous SCN4A mutations. All had one mutation that resulted in a completely non-functional channel, either as a consequence of Na v 1.4 protein truncation or as a result of a mutation that led to a complete abolition of the sodium flux through the channel (p.R104H, p.C1209F, p.Q470X, p.A1049VfsX50, p.Y1593X in Families 1–4 and 6, respectively). Affected individuals from four of the five families with compound heterozygous mutations had a second mutation, in the trans allele, which resulted in partial Na v 1.4 loss-of-function mainly by attenuating channel activation (p.R225W, p.D1069N and p.M203K, Families 2, 4 and 6, respectively) or by enhancing channel inactivation (p.R1135C, Family 1). In Family 3, there were no detectable loss-of-function properties in HEK293 cells for one of the Na v 1.4 variants (discussed below). Some of the affected individuals with compound heterozygous mutations (Families 6 and 4) also died in utero , or at birth, implying that some combinations of complete loss-of-function/partial loss-of-function mutations also result in a severe clinical phenotype. Interfamilial variability was, however, also clearly evident. This is best demonstrated in Family 4, where one affected infant developed severe in utero -onset hypokinesia and died within a few hours of birth. The other affected infant survived infancy albeit with significant feeding, and respiratory support. She is now 8 years of age, has a phenotype consistent with ‘classical’ congenital myopathy and continues to improve clinically over time, a feature often associated with ‘classical’ congenital myopathies. Further studies in a large cohort of patients are required to delineate more precise correlation of functional and clinical expression of SCN4A mutations. One of the mutations present in the 2.5-year-old male cohort member from Family 3 (p.H1782Qfs65) did not result in loss of channel function when studied in HEK293 cells. This child has a similar clinical phenotype to other cohort members. He was born following a pregnancy complicated by polyhydramnios (first noted at delivery), had marked neonatal-onset weakness and hypotonia associated with facial weakness, required significant feeding and respiratory support from birth, but continues to improve clinically. The frameshift mutation is predicted to alter the C-terminal of the protein and extends it by nine residues compared to the wild-type channel. Our analysis suggests that in HEK293 cells, Na v 1.4 channel C-terminus has no detectable effects on the biophysical properties of the channel. This is in agreement with previous data showing that a deletion of the C-terminal 100 residues has no effect on channel gating ( Herzog et al. , 2003 ). However, it is possible that the frameshift mutation disrupts channel function in a tissue-specific manner, which cannot be detected in a heterologous expression system, or it might cause loss-of-function effect not elicited by the functional analyses undertaken in this study. For example, the last five C-terminal amino acid residues play an important role in the interaction of Na v 1.4 with the PDZ domain of syntrophin ( Schultz et al. , 1998 ), a scaffold protein that is a part of the dystrophin-associated protein complex and has a vital role in the maintenance of muscle integrity ( Ehmsen et al. , 2002 ). Alterations of the sequence of the C-terminus may also disrupt signals responsible for channel trafficking, targeting, activity or stability. Additional studies are required to further investigate these possibilities. Interestingly, we identified compound heterozygosity for p.R1135C and a full loss-of-function mutation in a 14-year-old girl with a ‘classical’ congenital myopathy phenotype. Homozygous p.R1135C has been previously described in a patient with an unusual recessive form of hypokalaemic periodic paralysis ( Groome et al. , 2014 ). Consistent for periodic paralysis, the mutant channels display gating pore currents. The mutation also causes loss-of-function effects on the main pore current by enhancing fast inactivation, which results in reduced channel availability. However, the heterozygous carrier of this mutation in our family had no periodic weakness. Furthermore the muscle weakness of the proband, carrying a heterozygous p.R1135C and a full loss-of-function SCN4A mutation in trans, has been permanent rather that periodic, suggesting that the reduced main pore sodium current is the likely pathomechanism of the myopathy. Although this patient, who is now 14 years old, has started to complain of recurrent brief episodes of increased muscle weakness, a detailed electrophysiological study failed to identify any abnormalities typical of periodic paralysis, myotonia or neuromuscular junction abnormalities, but only demonstrated myopathic features. Our findings are in agreement with Na v 1.4 being the main skeletal muscle voltage gated sodium channel isoform, including the foetal and neonatal muscle, critical to muscle function ( Zhou and Hoffman, 1994 ). Expression of a second isoform, Na v 1.5, which is tetrodotoxin resistant, has been shown in developing and denervated muscle ( Harris and Thesleff, 1971 ; Weiss and Horn, 1986 ). The tetrodotoxin resistant sodium current may be able to generate action potentials in muscle of newborn rats ( Harris and Marshall, 1973 ). However, these action potentials are defective and disappear soon after birth, confirming a key role for tetrodotoxin sensitive currents in generating skeletal muscle action potentials. Possible differences in Na v 1.5 expression in foetal muscle may, however, contribute to the variable clinical presentation in the myopathy cohort. No mutations in our cohort were detected in SCN5A that encodes Na v 1.5, the principal sodium channel responsible for the initiation of the cardiac action potential ( George et al. , 1995 ). This is consistent with the lack of cardiac involvement in the cohort members. In conclusion, we have identified homozygous or compound heterozygous recessive mutations in SCN4A in six congenital myopathy families. At least one of the mutations in each patient renders the Na v 1.4 channel fully non-functional. The mutation on the second allele resulted in full or partial loss of Na v 1.4 channel function in five out of six families. This constitutes the first report describing full loss-of-function SCN4A mutations as associated with a clinical phenotype. The Na v 1.4 channel is crucial for the initiation and propagation of the muscle action potential. The link between the depolarization of the membrane and the Ca 2+ release triggering the muscle contraction is mediated by the interaction between the voltage-sensing DHPR and the Ca 2+ release channel RYR1, main components of the excitation–contraction coupling. Mutations in RYR1 are an established cause of several types of congenital myopathy ( Zhang et al. , 1993 ; Jungbluth et al. , 2002 ; Monnier et al. , 2003 ). Here, we propose that the combined effects of two loss-of-function mutant Na v 1.4 channels, one of which is a full loss-of-function, attenuates the action potential amplitude in skeletal muscle to a level insufficient to sustain normal muscle force. These findings have important implications for genetic diagnosis as they confirm a new form of recessive SCN4A -related congenital myopathy, a discovery which will undoubtedly result in improved genetic diagnosis rates in patients with this group of disorders. Furthermore, this study indicates that SCN4A is another example of a growing number of genes encoding for ion channels recently found to be involved in congenital myopathies. Our study also opens research avenues aimed at improving the therapeutic management of these patients.
De novo, heterozygous, loss‐of‐function mutations in SYNGAP1 cause a syndromic form of intellectual disability. De novo mutations (DNM) in SYNGAP1, encoding Ras/Rap GTPase‐activating protein SynGAP, have been reported in individuals with nonsyndromic intellectual disability (ID). We identified 10 previously unreported individuals with SYNGAP1 DNM; seven via the Deciphering Developmental Disorders (DDD) Study, one through clinical analysis for copy number variation and the remaining two (monozygotic twins) via a research multi‐gene panel analysis. Seven of the nine heterozygous mutations are likely to result in loss‐of‐function (3 nonsense; 3 frameshift; 1 whole gene deletion). The remaining two mutations, one of which affected the monozygotic twins, were missense variants. Each individual carrying a DNM in SYNGAP1 had moderate‐to‐severe ID and 7/10 had epilepsy; typically myoclonic seizures, absences or drop attacks. 8/10 had hypotonia, 5/10 had significant constipation, 7/10 had wide‐based/unsteady gait, 3/10 had strabismus, and 2/10 had significant hip dysplasia. A proportion of the affected individuals had a similar, myopathic facial appearance, with broad nasal bridge, relatively long nose and full lower lip vermilion. A distinctive behavioral phenotype was also observed with aggressive/challenging behavior and significant sleep problems being common. 7/10 individuals had MR imaging of the brain each of which was reported as normal. The clinical features of the individuals reported here show significant overlap with those associated with 6p21.3 microdeletions, confirming that haploinsufficiency for SYNGAP1 is responsible for both disorders. © 2015 The Authors. American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Keywords: SYNGAP1, 6p21.3 microdeletion, intellectual disability, epilepsy, syndrome, hypertrichosis, strabismus, hip dysplasia, DDD study, behavioral phenotype. De novo mutations are an important cause of moderate and severe intellectual disability (ID). Heterozygous, de novo loss‐of‐function mutations in SYNGAP1 have been described in 26 individuals to date [Hamdan et al., 2009, 2011a, b; Krepischi et al., 2010; Pinto et al., 2010; Vissers et al., 2010; Zollino et al., 2011; de Ligt et al., 2012; Rauch et al., 2012; Berryer et al., 2013; Carvill et al., 2013; Writzl and Knegt, 2013; Redin et al., 2014]. SYNGAP1 encodes Ras/Rap GTPase‐activating protein SynGAP, which is a major component of the post‐synaptic density that regulates synaptic plasticity and ERK/MAPK signaling probably via N‐methyl‐d‐aspartate (NMDA) receptor activation [Komiyama et al., 2002; Muhia et al., 2010]. SYNGAP1 [603384] has been coded in Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM®) as causing mental retardation, autosomal dominant 5 [612621]. In 2009, Hamdan et al. first reported the sequencing of SYNGAP1 in 94 apparently nonsyndromic individuals with intellectual disability; they found de novo mutations in three, thus first‐describing this gene as a cause of nonsyndromic intellectual disability (ID) in humans [Hamdan et al., 2009]. This group subsequently published eight further affected individuals through re‐sequencing predominantly ID cohorts enriched for epilepsy [2011a, b; Berryer et al., 2013]. Carvill et al. performed massively parallel sequencing in 500 individuals with epileptic encephalopathy and identified four patients with de novo SYNGAP1 mutations [Carvill et al., 2013]. Further patients have been described as part of large next generation sequencing studies of individuals with ID [Vissers et al., 2010; de Ligt et al., 2012; Rauch et al., 2012; Redin et al., 2014]. In addition, there have been four individuals with genomic deletions of 6p23.1 involving SYNGAP1, and one with a de novo apparently balanced reciprocal translocation in which one of the breakpoints disrupts SYNGAP1 [Krepischi et al., 2010; Pinto et al., 2010; Klitten et al., 2011; Zollino et al., 2011; Writzl and Knegt, 2013]. Thus the 26 individuals reported to date consist of 21 intragenic mutations, four whole gene deletions, and one translocation. To date, facial images have only been published in six individuals: three in the seminal Hamdan et al. paper, plus three single patients in subsequent papers [Hamdan et al., 2009; Zollino et al., 2011; Rauch et al., 2012; Writzl and Knegt, 2013]. Here, we present molecular and clinical information on 10 previously unreported individuals with de novo mutations in SYNGAP1, most of whom were diagnosed using trio exome sequencing of individuals with undiagnosed developmental disorders. The relatively consistent pattern of clinical features and behavioral anomalies observed in these individuals and in previously reported individuals suggests that there is an emerging SYNGAP1‐associated syndrome. Seven of the 10 affected individuals were recruited via UK NHS Regional Genetics Services to the Deciphering Developmental Disorders (DDD) study (www.ddduk.org). The eighth individual (7; Table I) was identified as part of routine investigation of ID via a UK NHS paediatric genetics clinic. These eight individuals were seen by the same Paediatric Geneticist (MJP) in addition to the referring Clinical Geneticists. The ninth and tenth individuals are monozygotic twins who were referred for genetic evaluation to the local multi‐disciplinary clinic for children with intellectual disability. See Table I for a summary of the clinical and molecular findings. The Supporting Information online provides additional clinical details. For the seven individuals identified via the DDD study, trio‐based exome sequencing was performed on the affected individual and their parents, as previously described [Wright et al., 2014]. Each affected individual has also had a high‐resolution analysis for copy number abnormalities using array‐based comparative genomic hybridization (aCGH). Putative de novo mutations were identified from exome data using DeNovoGear software [Ramu et al., 2013] and were validated using targeted Sanger sequencing. The eighth individual (7; Table I) was identified as having a ∼0.39Mb deletion of 6p21.32p21.31, via a service ISCA 8 × 60K BlueGnome Array. The ninth and tenth individuals are monozygous twins from Belgium, who were identified through a local multi‐gene panel and were validated using targeted Sanger sequencing. The validated de novo mutations are detailed in Table I. There were 10 individuals, but two are monozygotic twins, so we describe eight mutations and one deletion. Three individuals had nonsense mutations; three had frameshift mutations resulting in early stop codons. One individual (2; Table I) had a missense mutation c.509G>A (ENST00000418600); p.Arg170Gln (ENSP00000403636.2). On SIFT analysis; this was labeled “Deleterious” with a score of 0.01 and on PolyPhen analysis “Possibly damaging” with a score of 0.529. This mutated residue lies within the PH domain (Prosite PS50003) of SynGAP. The monozygotic twins (9 and 10; Table I) had a missense mutation c.1081T>C (ENST00000418600); p.Leu327Pro (ENSP00000403636). The SIFT score is 0, “Deleterious”, and the PolyPhen is 0.983, “Probably Damaging”. This mutation lies within the C2 domain, which is required for RapGAP activity. One individual (7; Table I) had a 0.39 Mb genomic deletion, which encompassed the entire SYNGAP1 gene and 18 other genes. Birth weight was normal (z score between −2 and 2) for all of the affected individuals. Postnatal growth was normal in five individuals (1, 2, 5, 8 and 9; Table I). Three of 10 had mild microcephaly (z score between −2.5 and −3), with one of these also having weight on a similar centile (4; Table I). Two individuals had significant short stature (Patients 6 and 10; Table I), one of whom was also significantly underweight (Patient 10; Table I). Global delay in developmental milestones was present in all patients with an unusual temporal sequence seen in some patients. For example, Patient 5 (Table I) did not sit unaided until 15 months, but walked unaided at 17 months. Typically independent walking was achieved in the third year of life with the subsequent gait being wide‐based and unsteady. Language acquisition was highly variable within this group. Expressive language was delayed with most children using a limited vocabulary of single words. None of the affected individuals were toilet‐trained at the time of assessment. Seven of the ten individuals showed general hyperexcitability and aggressive behavior, often directed towards others. A disturbed sleep pattern was reported in all patients, with almost all being treated with, or having had a therapeutic trial of, Melatonin. Anecdotally, families reported a high pain threshold and hyperacusis in some affected individuals. Seven of the 10 individuals had seizures, most commonly complex and generalized, including myoclonic, drop attacks, and absences. Congenital central hypotonia was common. Most of the affected individuals required ankle splints and/or Piedro boots to aid with walking. Seven individuals have had MR imaging of their brains and in each patient this was reported as normal. The facial appearance of the ten affected individuals is shown in Figure ​Figure1.1. The most common shared facial characteristics are almond‐shaped palpebral fissures, which slant downwards slightly. All but one had a mildly myopathic appearance. An open‐mouthed appearance, with a relatively full lower lip vermilion was common, as was a low‐hanging columella. 7/10 had relatively long noses (sometimes with under‐development of the ala nasi); 6/10 had relatively long ears with protuberant lobes; 4/10 had relatively deep‐set eyes; and one had a degree of ptosis. There was no obvious difference in facial appearance between the deletion and intragenic mutation patients. Five of the individuals had constipation, requiring medical therapies; three individuals had fine hirsutism, especially noticeable over limbs and spine; two had significant hip dysplasia, requiring surgical management; three had a kyphosis or kyphoscoliosis; and one had a pectus excavatum (Table I). SYNGAP1 was originally reported as causing non‐syndromal intellectual disability [Hamdan et al., 2009]. Supplementary Table I summarizes the available clinical data on the 26 individuals who have been reported to date with presumed causative mutations in SYNGAP1 or deletions or translocations involving this gene [Hamdan et al., 2009, 2011a, b; Krepischi et al., 2010; Pinto et al., 2010; Vissers et al., 2010; Cook, 2011; Klitten et al., 2011; Zollino et al., 2011; Clement et al., 2012; de Ligt et al., 2012; Rauch et al., 2012; Berryer et al., 2013; Carvill et al., 2013; Writzl and Knegt, 2013; Dyment et al., 2014; O'Roak et al., 2014; Redin et al., 2014]. De novo mutations in this gene are undoubtedly a significant cause of intellectual disability, accounting for 0.62% of all the patients in the DDD Study [Wright et al., 2014] and major contributors to other cohorts that have been studied (Supplementary Table II). The original designation of the phenotype associated with SYNGAP1 haploinsufficiency as non‐syndromal is understandable given the generally normal antenatal growth parameters and the relative normality of post‐natal growth. In addition, all patients have a moderate‐to‐severe intellectual disability with few structural anomalies reported on brain imaging. The genomic pathology is also remarkably consistent with almost all patients having heterozygous, de novo, loss of function mutations. The associated genetic mechanism is very likely to be haploinsufficiency given the similarity of the intragenic mutations with the whole gene deletions. Although there is wide variability in the type and severity of the clinical features associated with SYNGAP1 haploinsufficiency, some aspects of the phenotype show a level of consistency that suggests SYNGAP1 haploinsufficiency may be associated with a clinically recognizable syndrome. The seizure type and the behavioral phenotype were relatively consistent in our cohort. Myoclonic, absence and drop attack seizures are typical, both in the reported individuals and those presented in this paper. General hyperexcitability, sleep disturbance and aggressive behavior, often directed towards others, are common features in our cohort and are mentioned in some of the previously reported patients. Clearly these distressing behavioral components of the phenotype require further investigation. Facial photographs were not available in most of the previous reports, but in the cohort presented here a subtle but consistent facial appearance is suggested, although further observations will be required to determine if this is in any way discriminative. The pattern of growth may also be helpful in making a clinical diagnosis. Six of 18 reported patients with postnatal head circumferences recorded, and 3/10 of the patients reported here, had measurements of two standard deviations below the mean for their age. A mild postnatal microcephaly is clearly over‐represented in this group. In our cohort, 8/10 patients had previously been investigated for Angelman syndrome. There are some similarities with this condition, although we believe that they are clinically distinguishable. Nevertheless, we believe that SYNGAP1 should also be added to the expanding list of differential diagnoses for Angelman syndrome or patients presenting with Angelman‐like features. SYNGAP1 has previously been described as presenting in a non‐syndromal manner. Mutations in this gene have been found to be a relatively‐common cause of intellectual disability in large‐scale massively parallel sequencing studies, where subjects are usually recruited because a clinical syndromal diagnosis has not previously been made. It is arguable whether the term non‐specific may be more appropriate to many subjects recruited into such studies, who most likely represent a heterogeneous mix of those genuinely non‐syndromal, but also of some syndromes more subtle in their associations and/or dysmorphology. For SYNGAP1 we consider discriminative features in individuals with moderate‐to‐severe ID to be the characteristic facial features, seizure type and behavioral phenotype (generalized hyper‐excitability, sleep disturbance and a propensity to aggression). It is not yet clear if hypotonia, hip dysplasia, strabismus, wide‐based/unsteady gait, fine hirsutism (limbs and spine), and significant constipation are helpful discriminators. Some patients have microcephaly, but growth parameters are generally within the normal range.
POGZ truncating alleles cause syndromic intellectual disability. Large-scale cohort-based whole exome sequencing of individuals with neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) has identified numerous novel candidate disease genes; however, detailed phenotypic information is often lacking in such studies. De novo mutations in pogo transposable element with zinc finger domain (POGZ) have been identified in six independent and diverse cohorts of individuals with NDDs ranging from autism spectrum disorder to developmental delay. Whole exome sequencing was performed on five unrelated individuals. Sanger sequencing was used to validate variants and segregate mutations with the phenotype in available family members. We identified heterozygous truncating mutations in POGZ in five unrelated individuals, which were confirmed to be de novo or not present in available parental samples. Careful review of the phenotypes revealed shared features that included developmental delay, intellectual disability, hypotonia, behavioral abnormalities, and similar facial characteristics. Variable features included short stature, microcephaly, strabismus and hearing loss. While POGZ has been associated with neurodevelopmental disorders in large cohort studies, our data suggest that loss of function variants in POGZ lead to an identifiable syndrome of NDD with specific phenotypic traits. This study exemplifies the era of human reverse clinical genomics ushered in by large disease-directed cohort studies; first defining a new syndrome molecularly and, only subsequently, phenotypically. Neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) reflect a molecularly and phenotypically heterogeneous classification encompassing intellectual disability (ID), microcephaly, and neurobehavioral traits such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD) [1]. Collectively, these traits are quite common, with ASD having a prevalence of ~1 % and ID occurring in ~2–3 % of the population. The delineation of various NDDs is not discrete, as more than one phenotype is often present in an individual. Whole exome sequencing (WES) has revealed that mutations in the same gene may be associated with a broad spectrum of neurobehavioral and neurodevelopmental phenotypes [2, 3]. The clinical and genetic heterogeneity of ASD and other neurobehavioral traits represents a challenge for both molecular diagnoses and new gene discovery [4]. ASD is characterized by impairment in social interaction as well as restricted and stereotyped patterns of interest and activities, and is often accompanied by ID and language delay. Recent advances in personal genome analysis and the assembly of large cohorts for study have begun to identify potentially pathogenic variants in individuals with ASD; however, the majority of ASD loci have yet to be identified and may include gene-regulatory mechanisms such as epigenetic modifications and noncoding RNAs [1]. There is emerging evidence for shared genomic underpinnings and genetic etiologies of neuropsychiatric disorders, including ASD, schizophrenia and ID, as evidenced by both WES studies [5] and the mirror trait manifestations of some copy number variants (CNVs) [6]. The over-representation of de novo mutations in affected individuals illustrates the strong genetic basis for NDDs [5, 7, 8]. The prevalence of de novo CNVs has been extensively explored during the past decade, with a large proportion of ASD cases containing these events [9–12]. Moreover, cognitive phenotypes have been tied to CNV in population cohorts [6, 13]. However, despite the known molecular etiology for ~20–30 % of cases, the genetic etiology in the majority of individuals with ASD is presently unable to be identified. Genomic approaches to diagnosis include array comparative genomic hybridization (aCGH), whole genome sequencing (WGS) and WES. These approaches have identified the genetic etiology of many diverse Mendelian diseases [14]. Recently, large-scale WES studies have been conducted on a number of NDD cohorts [15–20]. These studies have identified many likely pathogenic single nucleotide variants, resulting in the generation of candidate gene lists for neurodevelopmental traits. However, the large number of individuals in cohort publications precludes the reporting of detailed clinical information for each case and often diagnostically relevant dysmorphology is not recognized until a cohort of individuals with a shared genetic etiology is assembled. Premature truncating mutations in pogo transposable element with zinc finger domain, or POGZ (MIM#614787), have been implicated by WES in three ASD cohort studies [16–18], cohorts examining developmental delay (DD) and ID [15, 16] and one schizophrenia cohort [20]. Additionally, a recently published case report details a missense POGZ mutation present in an individual with microcephaly, ASD, ID, and other clinical features [21]. The recurrent identification of POGZ in these studies has robustly implicated POGZ in diverse NDDs, yet no thorough clinical analysis for POGZ variant-associated phenotypic features has been published to date. Although relatively little is known about the function of POGZ, a recent study detailed the interaction of the zinc finger domain of POGZ with HP1α and the resultant activation of Aurora B kinase [22]. Therefore, POGZ likely plays a role in mitotic progression through heterochromatin formation and chromosomal segregation, and may also influence gene expression. These functions of POGZ are consistent with the presence of deleterious variants in patients with microcephaly and other neurodevelopmental phenotypes [1]. We have identified five POGZ disrupting mutations in patients with diverse clinical assessments. These individuals have variable NDDs with shared features comprising ID, global DD, behavioral abnormalities, microcephaly, short stature, strabismus, and shared facial characteristics. Together with eight pathogenic mutations from the literature, we describe the spectrum of phenotypes in individuals with deleterious mutations in POGZ. Ascertainment of patients with a shared molecular diagnosis and subsequent phenotypic characterization delineates the clinical presentation common to individuals with POGZ mutations. This genotype-driven approach may be especially relevant for the variable presentations of NDDs, and can be used to further clinically characterize candidate genes identified in diverse cohort studies. This study conforms to the Helsinki Declaration and was performed with approval by the Baylor College of Medicine institutional review board, protocol number H-29697, for all sequencing conducted at the Baylor College of Medicine Human Sequencing Center. Written informed consent was obtained from the parents/legal guardians of the patients for publication of this research and any accompanying images. Exome sequence analysis across all sequencing centers followed the guidelines and process for classifying sequencing variants developed by the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics [23]. Trio-based sequencing allowed for the prioritization of de novo loss-of-function mutations in four patients. An average of 2.5 de novo mutations were identified in each proband, of which POGZ was the only truncating allele. Additionally, variants in POGZ were selected for confirmation and co-segregation with the phenotype because loss-of-function mutations in this gene have been found in large cohorts of individuals with neuropsychiatric phenotypes. All identified variants in POGZ have been deposited into ClinVar under accession numbers SCV000256903, SCV000256904, SCV000256905, SCV000256906, and SCV000256907 in agreement with institutional review board approval and patient consent. DNA from patient 1 and her mother was subjected to WES at the BCM Human Genome Sequencing Center through the Baylor-Hopkins Center for Mendelian Genomics initiative. Exome sequencing and analysis were performed according to previously described methods [24]. Potential de novo mutations were identified in silico by subtracting variants observed in the mother from those observed in patient 1. Candidate variants were filtered against exome data in publicly available databases, including the 1000 Genomes Project, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Exome Sequencing Project (ESP), the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study (ARIC) database (http://www2.cscc.unc.edu/aric), and our in-house-generated database of approximately 5000 exomes. Patients 2 and 3 were identified through diagnostic WES at the Baylor-Miraca Medical Genetics Laboratory. Sequencing and data analysis were conducted as previously described [25]. Briefly, the average coverage for ~20,000 targeted genes (42 Mb of targeted regions, including untranslated exons) was greater than 100×, and more than 95 % of the target bases were covered by at least 20 reads [26]. Patients 4 and 5 were identified via diagnostic exome sequencing at Ambry Genetics (Aliso Viejo, CA, USA). Sequencing and data analysis at Ambry Genetics were conducted as previously described [27]. The mean coverage across the parent–proband trio of patient 4 and patient 5 was greater than 90× with >91 % of the targeted bases covered at >20× . PCR amplification and Sanger sequencing to verify all candidate mutations were done according to standard procedures and candidate variants were annotated using the POGZ RefSeq transcript NM_015100.3. Parental samples, when available, were also tested via standard Sanger sequencing. Patient 1 is a 15-year-old female who initially presented in infancy with global DD. She walked at 17 months and her first words were at 18 months. She had a developmental assessment done at 5 years 8 months of age, at which time her motor skills were at age level with a performance IQ of 70, overall IQ of 50, and full scale IQ of 56. Behavioral abnormalities were apparent before 2 years of age, and as she developed, her psychiatric symptoms became more pronounced and included aggressive behavior, self-injury and property destruction that necessitated multiple inpatient psychiatric admissions. Other medical issues included a disturbed sleep cycle that responded to melatonin, mild obstructive sleep apnea, early-onset obesity, and mild myopia. On physical examination at 15 years, her weight was 80.7 kg (97th percentile), height was 152 cm (6th percentile), and head circumference was 52.1 cm (−2 standard deviations). Her body mass index was 34.9 kg/m2 (99th percentile). Facial characteristics include brachycephaly, a long and flat malar region, broad and depressed nasal tip, short philtrum, thin vermillion border, downturned corners of the mouth and pointed chin. She had generalized hypotonia with a mildly wide-based and waddling gait. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), electroencephalogram, and audiology were normal. She was initially suspected to have Smith-Magenis syndrome due to sleep disturbance and global DD but high-density aCGH for chromosome 17p11.2 was normal. Molecular testing revealed a novel missense variant in RAI1 (NM_030665.3,c.4103A>G, p.S1212G) [28]. This variant was predicted to be benign and polymorphic by PolyPhen-2 and MutationTaster, and is poorly conserved in mammalian evolution. However, the variant was inherited from her father who had a history of learning disability and a personality disorder, and is shared with her sister who had clinical features suggestive of Smith-Magenis syndrome [28]. Thus, we could not conclusively rule out that this missense variant in RAI1 is contributing to the phenotype present in patient 1, but her more severe developmental disability compared with her father and sister warranted further work-up. Additional diagnostic evaluation was noncontributory and included chromosome analysis, fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) for 22q11.2 deletion, MECP2 sequencing, fragile X testing, lead levels, thyroid function studies, plasma amino acids and urine organic acids. Due to the equivocal interpretation of the RAI1 variant, research exome sequencing was undertaken. Patient 2 is a 31-month-old female with microcephaly, short stature, global DD, non-ocular visual impairment, failure to thrive and multiple congenital abnormalities, including diaphragmatic hernia and a duplicated renal collecting system. Initial echocardiogram showed a patent ductus arteriosus and a patent foramen ovale or atrial septal defect, which resolved without surgical intervention. Physical examination revealed brachycephaly, sparse hair, low-set and posteriorly rotated ears, long malar region, hypertelorism with downslanting palpebral fissures, a flat nasal bridge, with a broad and depressed nasal tip, short philtrum, thin vermillion border, downturned corners of the mouth, pointed chin, and a short neck with mild webbing. A full psychological and developmental assessment was performed at two years of age. According to the Mullen Scales of Early Learning her visual reception was within the 20th percentile, fine motor was within the 20th percentile, receptive language was within the 20th percentile, and expressive language was within the 20th percentile. According to the Vineland adaptive behavior scales her communication skills were below the first percentile, daily living skills were below the first percentile, socialization was within the first percentile, motor skills were below the first percentile, and adaptive behavior were below the first percentile. Collectively, the results of her formal assessment indicate significant delays across all areas with relative weakness in expressive language skills. Brain MRI showed nonspecific delayed myelination and diffuse T2 hyperintensity. Skeletal anomalies included multiple Wormian bones and mild hypoplasia of the cervical vertebral bodies. Previous work-up included chromosome analysis and aCGH which were normal as well as very long chain fatty acids. A clinical concern for Pallister-Killian was entertained at birth due to facial features and congenital diaphragmatic hernia. Patient 3 is a 3-year 10-month-old male with global DD, complex partial seizures and behavioral abnormalities concerning for ASD. He first presented at two months of age due to poor weight gain and poor suck and latch. At 34 months of age, DAYC-2 formal developmental assessment was administered and he scored a General Developmental Index of 67, interpreted as significantly below age-level across all areas. His full scale IQ at 34 months was 71 (third percentile), verbal comprehension was 85 (14th percentile) and non-verbal abilities were 64 (first percentile). Physical examination revealed strabismus, bifid uvula, a wide space between the central incisors, brachydactyly, large thumbs, broad feet, and large toes. Ophthalmology exam at 12 months of age detected hyperopia and astigmatism. Family history was significant for seizures on the maternal side. He has complex partial seizures localizing to the left frontoparietal area. He was initially treated with phenobarbital but switched to levetiracetam and was well-controlled. Due to concern that this drug was contributing to his behavioral issues, the patient was switched to oxcarbazepine. He developed tic-like movements after the second dose and it was stopped. Topiramate was added and he did start having new seizures while he was on both topiramate and levetiracetam but controlled with higher doses of topiramate. Levetiracetam was eventually weaned and the irritability has improved. Previous work-up was unrevealing and included chromosome analysis, aCGH, metabolic testing, Angelman methylation studies and CREBBP and EP300 testing for Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome I and II. Patient 4 is a 5-year-old female with microcephaly, short stature, global DD, and a history of low muscle tone. Additional medical concerns included feeding difficulties, severe gastroesophageal reflux disease, sensorineural hearing loss, exotropia, and obstructive sleep apnea. Facial characteristics included brachycephaly, a sloping broad forehead, posteriorly rotated ears, upslanting palpebral fissures, long and flat malar region, broad and depressed nasal tip, short philtrum, downturned corners of the mouth, high palate, pointed chin, and relative prognathia. Ophthalmology exam showed exotropia, anisometropia, optic nerve hypoplasia, and rod-cone retinal dystrophy. Brain MRI showed optic nerve hypoplasia with no other structural abnormalities. Skeletal survey was normal other than significant brachycephaly. At age 27 months she underwent a developmental assessment. According to both the Clinical and Auditory Milestones Scale and Cognitive adaptive test she scored at a basal level of 6 months, indicating severe delays across all areas of development with most significant delays to her acquisition of speech and language. Previous molecular testing included aCGH, which revealed a paternally inherited 125-kb copy number gain within chromosome 12q24.12; she had a normal chromosome analysis, an unrevealing targeted microcephaly gene panel, and normal thyroid function studies, plasma amino acids, urine organic acids, and urine mucopolysaccharides. Patient 5 is a 4-year 7-month-old female with microcephaly, cleft palate, global DD, hypotonia and ASD. She presented at birth with cleft palate, micrognathia and a duplicated renal collecting system. Facial and physical characteristics included broad forehead, brachycephaly, broad and depressed nasal tip, short philtrum, thin vermillion border, downturned corners of the mouth, pointed chin, and small hands with relative brachydactyly. Upon her initial clinical presentation additional features were noted, including auditory neuropathy, immune deficiency, and left duplicated renal collecting system. Ophthalmology exam showed exotropia, astigmatism and small optic nerves. Brain MRI revealed Dandy-Walker variant, decreased white matter, and enlarged third and fourth ventricles. Her original exome report identified compound heterozygous variants of unknown clinical significance in STIL, associated with primary microcephaly. Additionally, microarray revealed a paternally inherited Xq21.1 duplication. Previous normal testing included chromosome analysis, FISH for 22q11 deletion, methylation studies for Prader Willi and Angelman syndromes, and ROR2 sequencing. Other testing, all normal, included urine organic acids, serum amino acids, acylcarnitine, and very long chain fatty acids. The clinical description of the individuals in this study overlaps with the descriptions of previously reported patients [15–20]. All five subjects had global DD and/or ID. Behavioral abnormalities ranged from self-injurious behavior to high-functioning ASD. Additional common features included microcephaly (3/5), stature below the tenth percentile (4/5), hypotonia (4/5), strabismus (4/5), vision abnormalities (5/5), sensorineural hearing loss (3/5), and gastrointestinal manifestations including poor feeding, gastroesophageal reflux, and/or constipation (4/5). Recurrent facial and physical characteristics included hypotonic facies with an open mouth, brachycephaly (4/5), long and flat malar region (4/5), posteriorly rotated ears (2/5), broad nasal tip (5/5), flat nasal bridge (3/5), short philtrum (5/5), thin vermillion border (4/5), downturned corners of the mouth (4/5), high arched palate (3/5), and pointed chin (4/5). An overview of clinical features is presented in Table 1. Pictures of the five patients are shown in Fig. 1. To date, seven de novo mutations leading to premature termination of POGZ have been identified in cohorts of individuals with diverse NDDs, including ASD (N = 3), ID (N = 6), DD (N = 2), or schizophrenia (N = 1) [15–20]. The truncating variants result in termination of the protein prior to or within the C-terminal DDE and/or coiled-coil domains. Additionally, a de novo missense mutation in the CENP-B like DNA binding domain of POGZ was also reported in a child with ASD, ID and dysmorphic features [21]. We identified five patients with heterozygous truncating mutations in POGZ. Four of the five variants were confirmed to be de novo in the affected individual; the father of patient 1 was unavailable for analysis but his mother did not harbor the POGZ variant. Extensive testing for each of these individuals was negative, with the exception of a paternally inherited missense variant in RAI1 in patient 1 of uncertain clinical significance [28] and compound heterozygous variants of uncertain clinical significance in STIL in patient 5. We identified heterozygous truncating variants in POGZ in all five individuals by WES; these five variants were validated by Sanger sequencing. Publicly available databases, including ARIC and the Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC; version 0.3; Cambridge, MA, USA; http://exac.broadinstitute.org) confirmed that the identified variants are unique to our patients. Table 2 provides a molecular description of variants identified in these five patients and eight previously identified cases. Indels resulting in frameshift mutations were present in three of five patients and two of five contained nonsense mutations (one transition and one transversion). Three of the five variants occur in the final exon of POGZ and can potentially escape nonsense-mediated decay. However, the two patients with variants predicted to be subject to degradation by nonsense-mediated decay do not have distinguishing phenotypic features from the three terminal exon-containing patients. All five truncating mutations are predicted to result in the loss of greater than 402 amino acids at the C-terminus of POGZ. Loss of this region of the protein is predicted by conceptual translation to result in deletion of the CENP-B like DNA binding domain, the DDE domain and the coiled-coil domain. Thus, the mutations present in each of the five individuals in this study likely result in loss of function. The assertion that heterozygous loss of function mutations in POGZ cause diverse NDDs is further supported by the presence of two CNVs encompassing POGZ coding regions in the DECIPHER database [29]. The two individuals with small deletions of POGZ are phenotypically described as having DD and additional significant developmental and morphological phenotypes. Large cohort studies have associated truncating mutations in POGZ with behavioral abnormalities, ID, and DD [16–21]. The identification of numerous candidate genes in these studies highlights their value. However, to thoroughly describe the clinically relevant phenotypes associated with mutation in a given gene, targeted analyses of a molecularly defined cohort are required. Here, we utilized a genotype-first approach to identify shared facial and physical characteristics as well as the spectrum of individual phenotypes resulting from deleterious mutations in POGZ. We identified five patients with novel truncating mutations in POGZ, likely resulting in loss-of-function alleles. The description of the five individuals and a review of eight patients from the literature indicate that individuals with mutations in POGZ are likely to have global DD, microcephaly, ID, strabismus and variable hearing loss. Comparison of facial and physical characteristics in our five subjects has revealed shared facial features, including brachycephaly, long and flat malar region, broad nasal tip, short philtrum, thin vermillion border, downturned corners of the mouth and pointed chin. Patients also present with highly variable neurobehavioral phenotypes, ranging from ASD to severe aggressive behaviors similar to what is seen in individuals with Smith-Magenis syndrome (Table 1). It is possible that patient 1 and patient 2 may have a blended phenotype; patient 1 has a paternally inherited missense mutation in RAI1, which is associated with Smith-Magenis syndrome. In addition to the characteristic features, patient 2 also presented with congenital abnormalities, including diaphragmatic hernia, a renal tract anomaly, and heart defects. Other than the de novo POGZ mutation, we did not identify additional molecular events that would account for her phenotype. Therefore, although it is possible that POGZ truncating mutations could lead to clinical phenotypes including mild congenital abnormalities, an additional unidentified cause in patient 2 could potentially be responsible for her uncharacteristic presentations. Together, our data and a literature review indicate that damaging variants in POGZ result in a broad range of features distinguished by global DD, ID, neurobehavioral abnormalities (most often ASD), short stature, hypotonia, strabismus, characteristic facial features, including brachycephaly, long and flat malar region, broad nasal tip, short philtrum, thin vermillion border, downturned corners of the mouth, and pointed chin, and variable hearing loss. POGZ has not been extensively characterized; the protein product contains eight canonical C2H2-like zinc finger domains that are implicated in protein–protein interactions and have the potential for DNA interactions [30]. The C-terminus of the protein contains a B-like centromere binding domain and a DDE domain. Interestingly, POGZ interacts with HP1α via the zinc finger domain; this activates Aurora B kinase, indicating a potential role for POGZ in mitotic progression and neuronal differentiation [22]. Similar to POGZ, many genes encoding proteins required for proper centrosomal function or chromosome segregation are mutated in patients with microcephaly, demonstrating a common theme of aberrant neuronal proliferation and migration [1, 31]. POGZ is expressed in developing cortical projection neurons which have been implicated in a network convergence of neurodevelopmental risk genes [32]. HP1α also strongly interacts with NIPBL, which is mutated in individuals with Cornelia de Lange syndrome. The overlapping molecular networks of POGZ and NIPBL may indicate common mechanisms of transcriptional dysregulation with deleterious mutation of these genes [24]. Although NDDs are typically a clinical diagnosis, molecular genetic testing, including both aCGH and WES, is capable of more precisely defining syndromes and disorders with highly variable phenotypes [33]. With the expanding number of single-gene candidates for NDDs and the variability of these phenotypes, WES was crucial in defining the cohort of five patients presented here. The increasing emergence of candidate genes for various disorders necessitates genotype-driven approaches for describing associated phenotypic spectrums. Furthermore, with a better understanding of the clinical presentations of patients with deleterious POGZ mutations, more molecular diagnoses may be forthcoming. We report the detailed phenotypic features associated with loss of function variants in POGZ. These include a broad range of features distinguished by global DD, microcephaly, ID, neurobehavioral abnormalities (including ASD), short stature, hypotonia, strabismus and variable hearing loss. We also describe characteristic facial features of this disorder that include brachycephaly, long and flat malar region, broad nasal tip, short philtrum, thin vermillion border, downturned corners of the mouth, and pointed chin. Identification of POGZ variants and subsequent description of characteristic clinical presentations demonstrate the utility of human reverse genetics in an era of personal genome analyses and clinical genomics.
De novo mutations in ARID1B associated with both syndromic and non-syndromic short stature. Human height is a complex trait with a strong genetic basis. Recently, a significant association between rare copy number variations (CNVs) and short stature has been identified, and candidate genes in these rare CNVs are being explored. This study aims to evaluate the association between mutations in ARID1B gene and short stature, both the syndromic and non-syndromic form. Based on a case-control study of whole genome chromosome microarray analysis (CMA), three overlapping CNVs were identified in patients with developmental disorders who exhibited short stature. ARID1B, a causal gene for Coffin Siris syndrome, is the only gene encompassed by all three CNVs. A following retrospective genotype-phenotype analysis based on a literature review confirmed that short stature is a frequent feature in those Coffin-Siris syndrome patients with ARID1B mutations. Mutation screening of ARID1B coding regions was further conducted in a cohort of 48 non-syndromic short stature patients,andfour novel missense variants including two de novo mutations were found. These results suggest that haploinsufficient mutations of ARID1B are associated with syndromic short stature including Coffin-Siris syndrome and intellectual disability, while rare missense variants in ARID1B are associated with non-syndromic short stature. This study supports the notion that mutations in genes related to syndromic short stature may exert milder effect and contribute to short stature in the general population. The online version of this article (doi:10.1186/s12864-015-1898-1) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users. Keywords: ARID1B, Short stature, Haploinsufficiency, Coffin-Siris Syndrome, Chromatin remodeling. Human height is a quantitative trait that follows a Gaussian distribution. Short stature is typically defined as a height more than 2 standard deviations (SD) below the corresponding mean height for a given age, gender and ethnic population. Individuals with short stature include those at the tail of the normal distribution (not necessary associated with any disorders) as well as individuals with rare disorders that restrict growth. Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) have identified over 400 independent loci associated with height in the general population which collectively explain ~20 % of the variation in adult height [1]. Rare variants with larger effects have been found in a number of genes leading to syndromic short stature disorders. For example, the SHOX gene was identified as the gene responsible for short stature in Turner syndrome [2] and Leri-Weill syndrome [3]. Recently, we demonstrated a significant association between low-frequent copy number deletions and short stature, supporting the hypothesis that rare haploinsufficient genes play significant roles in human growth [4]. We further demonstrated that an increased burden of rare deletions may also contribute to short stature in a non-clinically ascertained population, underscoring the concept that milder defects in genes known to cause syndromic short stature may contribute to short stature in the general population. In this study, we focus on a recurrent CNV detected in patients with short stature. We propose that the ARID1B gene, which is the only gene intercepted by three CNVs, is a novel short stature gene. We provide additional evidence supporting that ARID1B mutations are associated with both syndromic and non-syndromic short stature. Whole genome microarray (Agilent 244K) was performed to detect structural variants in a clinical cohort. Subjects were eligible if they had a height measurement recorded between the ages of 2 and 20 years and had a chromosomal microarray performed as part of their clinical evaluation. All information was obtained with appropriate consent from Boston Children’s hospital [M09-06-0290]. Subjects with aneuploidy and poor microarray quality were not included, leaving a final sample size of 4,411 individuals including 415 patients with short stature, 196 patients with tall stature and 3800 patients with normal stature. All CNV data were called with NEXUS software (BioDiscovery, El Segundo, California). The recurrent copy-number variations involving ARID1B gene were validated by multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA). MLPA probe and reagents from MRC Holland (SALSA MLPA P433 ARID1A-ARID1B probemix). Data analysis and visualization was done on Coffalyzer software. A CNV is defined as non-benign when it does not overlap with CNV reported in DGV (Database of Genomic variants) or overlaps with CNV with less than 1 % population frequency in DGV. Non-benign recurrent or overlapping CNVs were identified in the subjects with short stature and compared to their occurrence in normal stature population. The UCSC genome browser’s custom track was used to depict the overlapping nature of CNVs and to delineate the minimal region of overlap (MRO). We identified a total of 70 individuals carrying ARID1B deletions or mutations from a Pubmed search and the DECIPHER database. 65 of them had information on height. We converted all height parameters available to Z-scores based on CDC growth charts (http://www.cdc.gov/growthcharts/zscore.htm). Forty-eight non-syndromic short stature Chinese patients were recruited in Shanghai Children’s Medical Center. Their age, gender and height information are included in Additional file 1. The inclusion criteria were individuals with height below 3rd percentile without a clinical diagnosis of intellectual disability or developmental delay. All information was obtained with appropriate consent based on requirements of Shanghai Children’s Medical Center【SCMC-IRB-K2013007】.Subjects were randomly selected in non-syndromic short stature patients. Since it is unclear yet if ARID1B affects hormone-related pathways, we did not use hormonal status as a criteria for subject selection. Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood of all participants using QIAamp Blood DNA Mini kit®. Mutation screening for all coding regions of ARID1B were done by Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification followed by Sanger sequencing. Sequence variants were evaluated with mutation surveyor (Soft Genetics, State College, PA) and their potential functional impact was predicted using insilico prediction programs including SIFT [5], Polyphen2 [6], Condel [7] and Align-GVGD [8]. Paternity tests were performed with short tandem repeat (STR) markers for the two probands with de novo variants (using AmpFLSTR® Identifiler® PCR amplification kit). The study was reviewed and approved by the SCMC ethical committee and all participants or their parents signed an informed consent form. In addition, we compared the variant frequency in the ARID1B coding regions detected by exome sequencing to that of 494 normal Chinese controls. The normal Chinese controls were age and gender matching Chinese individuals of normal height, weight and were recruited from multiple geographic areas for an effort to create a common sequence variants database of normal Chinese children. Four thousand four hundred eleven individuals in the clinical population met our inclusion criteria (as described in methods), including 415 patients with short stature, 196 patients with tall stature and 3800 patients with normal stature. Three individuals with copy number variants encompassing ARID1B were identified among 415 patients with short stature who underwent clinical microarray analysis at Boston Children’s Hospital. The locations of the two deletions and one duplication in relation to the ARID1B gene are shown in Fig. 1. Red tracks indicate deletion and blue track indicates duplication. The numbers associated with each track are the Z-scores of patient’s height. The first patient (patient A) carries a 658 kb de novo deletion at 6q25.3 which affected only ARID1B; the second patient (patient B) carries a 6.8 Mb de novo deletion at 6q25.1-q25.3 which overlaps with the deletion in Patient 1. The height Z-score for both patients are -2.3 and -2.1 respectively. The patient with the duplication (patient C) was a 13-year-old Caucasian girl who carries a 207 Kb maternally inherited intragenic duplication at 6q25.3. Her height Z-score was -2.7. The mother’s height is below average (Z = -0.33) but not short. In addition to short stature, all three patients exhibited language impairment, facial malformation and intellectual disability. Thus all three patients exhibited syndromic short stature. Detailed clinical phenotypes and their growth curves can be found in Additional files 1 & 2. There were no CNVs involving ARID1B in 3800 patients with normal stature and 196 patients with tall stature in our clinical population. A total of 70 patients with mutations in ARID1B (including translocation, deletion, duplication, nonsense and truncating mutations) have been described in the literature and Decipher database, many of whom have Coffin-Siris syndrome. We summarize the available clinical features of these patients in Table 1. Five patients had no height information. 22 out of the remaining 65 patients (33.8 %) had short stature. 90 % of patients have height Z-scores below -1 SD. None of the patients had height Z-scores above 0 SD. The average available Z score among patients with mutations in ARID1B is -1.86 SD. Thus, growth retardation and short stature is a common feature associated with mutations in ARID1B and Coffin-Siris syndrome. We sequenced the coding regions and intron-exon boundaries of ARID1B in 48 non-syndromic short stature Chinese patients. We detected four missense variants. Variants c.2351C > T and c.4727C > T in patients D and E respectively were inherited from their fathers and the c.2351 variant was present in a sister of normal height as well. Variants c.4346G > C and c.5998G > T in patients F and G were not identified in either parent. Paternity test confirmed the biological relationship between the probands and their parents (data available in Additional file 3), thus these two missense variants are de novo changes in the probands. Provocative growth hormone (GH) testing with intravenous infusion of Arginine and oral administration of clonidine was performed in the patients, following routine procedures. Patient E, F and G exhibited partial growth hormone deficiency by provocative GH testing (5-7ng/ml).Patient D had a normal growth hormone level (15.272ng/ml). None of them had intellectual disability or language impairment. Thus they are all considered to have non-syndromic short stature. Detailed clinical information of the four patients is presented in Additional file 1. The four missense variants were all predicted to be deleterious by SIFT, PolyPhen2 and Condel (Additional file 4). They were novel variants and absent from 494 Chinese controls, the NHLBI Exome Variant Server 6500 dataset (http://evs.gs.washington.edu/EVS/) and the ExAC database (http://exac.broadinstitute.org/). We detected 8 novel variants predicted to be deleterious in 494 Chinese controls. There is a significant enrichment of novel deleterious missense variants detected in short stature patients when compared to the normal Chinese controls (p = 0.016 Fisher exact test). It is unclear if the inherited variants in Patients D and E are pathogenic given the lack of segregation with short stature in the family. Partial penetrance of these two inherited variants are possible. Based on the recently published guideline for variant interpretation [9], the two de novo variants are classified as likely pathogenic and the other two variants are of uncertain significance (see Additional file 4). High resolution array CGH enables the detection of small CNVs involving one gene or part of a gene. This approach allowed for the identification of candidate short stature genes. We scanned the whole genome for single CNVs in individual patients or overlapping CNVs with a single gene in the region of overlap in patients with short stature. We paid particular attention to de novo CNVs only present in patients and not in a control population. By this approach, we identified a chromatin-remodeling gene ARID1B as a novel short stature gene. ARID1B was the only gene in the region of overlap involving two deletions and one duplication. The two deletions were de novo. ARID1B has been identified as one of the causal genes for Coffin-Siris syndrome and it has also been associated with syndromic intellectual disability [10]. While growth retardation was mentioned as one of the features of Coffin-Sirissyndrome [11], this feature is currently under appreciated [12]. We then performed a comprehensive case review of the clinical features of all individuals carrying mutation in ARID1B regardless of their associated syndromes (Table 1). This genotype-driven approach revealed a significant association between short stature and mutations in ARID1B. Next, we further explored the possible contribution of ARID1B mutations to non-syndromic short stature by screening 48 short stature patients who did not have developmental delay or intellectual disability. As a result, we identified four novel missense variants in ARID1B including two de novo variants. The likelihood of a chance finding of two de novo variants in the same gene in 48 individuals is extremely small, indicating that these variants are likely causal of the patients’ short stature. Collectively, our data support the notion that ARID1B mutations cause growth retardation in syndromic patients and may also contribute to non-syndromic short stature. Recently, loss of function mutations in ARID1B were identified as causative for Coffin-Siris syndrome, a rare genetic condition characterized by growth deficiency, developmental delay, severe speech impairment, intellectual disability, and specific physical features including microcephaly, coarse facial features, hypertrichosis, hypoplastic or absent fifth fingernails or toenails and hypoplasia or agenesis of the corpus callosum [13]. Our patient A exhibited many features of Coffin-Siris but was not noted to have hypoplastic or absent fifth fingernails or toenails. Our patient B showed typical signs of Coffin-Siris syndrome but not patient C. All three patients exhibited short stature. We performed a comprehensive review on published cases with loss-of-function mutations in ARID1B (Table 1). Based on the available clinical information from the published literature, all patients showed developmental delay (70/70) and language impairment (63/63). Most of patients exhibited hypertonia (49/56), seizures (16/52), agenesis of corpus callosum (23/47), autism or autistic features (9/42) as well as dysmorphic features: low-set or abnormal-shaped ears (42/47), prominent nose (41/55), various eye-related features (51/64), hypertrichosis (38/51), coarse face/abnormal head shape (16/18), low hair line (9/11), and spinal/skeletal anomalies (10/12). Patients ascertained with Coffin-Siris syndrome also exhibited dysplastic nails. Case review data showed that 34 % of patients with ARID1B mutations had short stature defined as height below -2 SD. The majority (90 %) had a height Z-score below -1 and none of the patients had above average height. The average Z score among patients for whom height data was available is -1.86. Thus, growth retardation and short stature is a common feature associated with mutations in ARID1B and Coffin-Siris syndrome. Coffin-Siris syndrome is a nucleosome remodeling complex (SWI/SNF-SWI) disorder. Mutations in other genes involved with the SWI/SNF complex such as ARID1A, SMARCA2, SMARCA4, SMARCB1 and SMARCE1 are also responsible for Coffin-Siris syndrome [12]. Recent genotype-phenotype analysis indicated that short stature is a prominent feature in patients carrying mutations in those other SWI/SNF genes [14] as well. Among all the Coffin-Siris syndrome patients detected with mutations in those BAF-complex-related-genes (BRG1/brm-associated factor), 21 % of them (9/43) showed short stature. Additionally, 24 % of Coffin-Siris patients without identified mutations presented with short stature. Thus short stature is a common feature of Coffin-Siris syndrome. We identified four novel missense variants among 48 individuals with idiopathic short stature not associated with developmental delay. These variants were not reported in 1000 genomes project database, dbSNP database, the ESP6500 dataset or ExAC database. Functional predictions suggest deleterious effect on protein for all four variants, although two of the variants were found in family members without short stature. All four variants were absent from 1100 ethnically matched controls. We found significantly fewer deleterious novel missense variants in age, gender, and ethnicity-matched controls than in short stature patients. Importantly, two of the variants were de novo changes not detected in parents and non-affected siblings. All four patients carrying ARID1B mutation showed no signs of Coffin-Siris syndrome, or developmental or mental deficits. ARID1B de novo mutations have been shown to contribute to the heritable complex traits, such as autism spectrum disorders (ASDs), although the effect size may be small [15]. We have not established the causal relationship between these mutations and short stature, but we postulate that ARID1B is also involved with idiopathic short stature in a similar manner. Almost all 70 syndromic individuals carried loss-of-function ARID1B mutations which include genic deletions (n = 27), genic duplications (n = 2), nonsense mutations (n = 14), frame shift mutations (n = 21) and a translocation (n = 1). On the other hand, all variants identified in non-syndromic short stature are missense variants. Based on this finding, we postulate that while complete loss of the ARID1B gene product causes a syndrome that involves developmental delay, intellectual disability, dysmorphism and short stature, missense mutations may cause isolated short stature without developmental defects. Further testing of more non-syndromic short stature patient is warranted to validate such hypothesis. In order to evaluate the association of ARID1B mutations with syndromic and non-syndromic short stature, we collected data from a total of 4411 patients who underwent clinical microarray testing at Boston Children’s Hospital, 48 non-syndromic short stature patients at Shanghai Children’s Medical Center and 70 patients reported in the literature with ARID1B gene mutations. By case-control study, retrospective genotype-phenotype analysis and ARID1B gene mutation screening, we found haploinsufficient mutations of ARID1B are associated with syndromic short stature in Coffin-Sirissyndromeor patients with intellectual disability. ARID1B mutations are also found to be associated with non-syndromic short stature. This finding supports the notion that chromatin-remodeling genes play an important role in human height regulation.
De novo frameshift mutation in ASXL3 in a patient with global developmental delay, microcephaly, and craniofacial anomalies. Currently, diagnosis of affected individuals with rare genetic disorders can be lengthy and costly, resulting in a diagnostic odyssey and in many patients a definitive molecular diagnosis is never achieved despite extensive clinical investigation. The recent advent and use of genomic medicine has resulted in a paradigm shift in the clinical molecular genetics of rare diseases and has provided insight into the causes of numerous rare genetic conditions. In particular, whole exome and genome sequencing of families has been particularly useful in discovering de novo germline mutations as the cause of both rare diseases and complex disorders. We present a six year old, nonverbal African American female with microcephaly, autism, global developmental delay, and metopic craniosynostosis. Exome sequencing of the patient and her two parents revealed a heterozygous two base pair de novo deletion, c.1897_1898delCA, p.Gln633ValfsX13 in ASXL3, predicted to result in a frameshift at codon 633 with substitution of a valine for a glutamine and introduction of a premature stop codon. We provide additional evidence that, truncating and frameshifting mutations in the ASXL3 gene are the cause of a newly recognized disorder characterized by severe global developmental delay, short stature, microcephaly, and craniofacial anomalies. Furthermore, we expand the knowledge about disease causing mutations and the genotype-phenotype relationships in ASXL3 and provide evidence that rare, nonsynonymous, damaging mutations are not associated with developmental delay or microcephaly. Keywords: ASXL3, Bohring-Opitz syndrome, Global developmental delay, Microcephaly, Craniofacial anomalies, de novo frameshift, Exome sequencing. Obtaining a molecular diagnosis for many rare diseases can be an arduous task [1]. The process is often hindered by the rarity of conditions, which is further exacerbated by the clinical heterogeneity, genetic heterogeneity (genocopies) and phenocopies that rare diseases tend to exhibit [2]. Frequently, this results in a process that has been termed the diagnostic odyssey [3]. The NIH Office of Rare Diseases Research reported that it took 1 to 5 years to reach a proper diagnosis for 33% of patients with rare disorders and more than 5 years for 15% of these patients [4]. The recent advent and use of genomic medicine has resulted in a paradigm shift in the clinical molecular genetics of rare diseases – from phenotype-driven diagnosis to genotype-driven diagnosis – and has provided insight into the causes of numerous rare genetic conditions [1]. Briefly genomic medicine, defined as the structured approach to disease discovery, diagnosis, and management that prominently features next-generation sequencing and analysis at a genome scale [5], has provided the impetus for a paradigm shift in the clinical evaluation of rare diseases to identify underlying molecular genetic causes. Whole exome and genome sequencing of families has been particularly useful in discovering de novo germline mutations as the cause of both rare diseases and complex disorders. For example, de novo mutations have recently been associated with multiple rare diseases including rare growth disorders characterized by megalencephaly due to mutations in three genes, AKT3, PIK3R2, PIK3CA, [6] and Baraitser-Winter syndrome, characterized by brain malformations due to de novo mutations in the actin genes ACTB and ACTG1[7]. We recently described a de novo mutation in MTOR as a cause of megalencephaly and intractable seizures (Smith et al., submitted). In addition, new research has implicated de novo mutations in the complex disorders of autism [8-10] and schizophrenia [11,12]. First described in 1999, Bohring-Optiz syndrome (BOS) [OMIM, 605039] has recently been shown through the use of next-generation exome sequencing, to be due to de novo heterozygous mutations in the additional sex combs-like 1 gene (ASXL1) [13]. Two further cases of de novo mutations in ASXL1 in patients with BOS supported the disease-gene association and gave limited insight into genotype-phenotype relationships [14]. Prior to this, the presence of seven of ten features were needed for a clinical diagnosis: trigonocephaly, microcephaly, flammeus nevus, prominent eyes, micro- or retrognathia, abnormal palate, typical BOS posture, feeding difficulties, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and severe/profound learning difficulties [15]. Here, we report on the use of exome sequencing of a proband with considerable overlap with the BOS phenotype and her parents to discover a heterozygous frame shift variant in the additional sex combs-like 3, (ASXL3) gene. ASXL3 is in the same gene family as ASXL1 and mutations in ASXL3 appear to be associated with a disorder that is paralogous to BOS. The proband is a 6 year old African American female (CMH000079) with microcephaly, autism, global developmental delay, and metopic craniosynostosis (Figure 1). She was born at 34-weeks gestation following a pregnancy complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes, with maternal blood sugar lability throughout pregnancy. The patient’s mother was a 30 year old gravida 3, para 2 female, with a history of 1 first trimester miscarriage. There was no exposure to alcohol, tobacco, or drugs. Delivery was via cesarean section for breech presentation. At birth the proband had a weight of 1.88 kg (25% for gestational age), length 40.5 cm (3% for gestational age), and occipitofrontal circumference 30 cm (25% for gestational age). Apgar scores were 8 and 9 at one and five minutes, respectively; however, on the first day of life she was transferred to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) for hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia. Family history was notable for a maternal half-sister with type 1 diabetes mellitus, who also had a history of hyperinsulinemia and hypoglycemic seizures in infancy, but who has normal cognitive functioning. The mother also had a history of hypoglycemia in childhood that evolved to insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. The mother is otherwise healthy and has no history of learning problems. The patient’s father has hypertension, but is otherwise healthy. In the first 18 months of life the patient was hospitalized 10 times for vomiting, hypoglycemia, failure to thrive, and episodic irritability. Blood glucose was labile, ranging from 40–215 mg/dL (reference range 60–110 mg/dL). She had two hypoglycemic seizures. A sulfonylurea receptor defect was suspected because of the blood sugar lability in the proband, sister, and mother. Molecular testing of the proband and her mother identified a shared novel variant in the ABCC8 (ATP-Binding Cassette, Subfamily, Member 8) gene (c. 2143G > A; p.Val115Met) that was considered to be consistent with a diagnosis of Familial Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia Type 1 (HHF1 OMIM #256450) [16,17]. She was therefore placed on diazoxide; a gastrostomy tube and a peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) line were placed for nutrition and glucose stabilization. By 18 months, length and weight were between the 10-25th percentiles but head circumference was below the 3rd percentile. She was hypotonic and hyperreflexic. She had dysmorphic facial features including a sloping forehead with metopic ridging, a flat nasal bridge, wide-set eyes and slightly posteriorly rotated ears. The nose had a short columella and hypoplastic alae nasae. Nasolabial folds were smooth and the upper lip had a prominent Cupid’s bow. She had no other dysmorphic features. Developmental milestones were delayed. At 18 months, she could army crawl, had inconsistent visual attention, and was nonverbal. She had episodic irritability with fits of screaming lasting hours, self-injurious behavior, and very poor sleep. She developed repetitive movements, predominately lateral head shaking. Developmental testing demonstrated delay: on the Cognitive Adaptive Test [18], her visual-motor/problem-solving quotient was 33 (mean 100, SD 10); on the Clinical Linguistic and Auditory Milestone Scale [18], language quotient was 42 (mean 100, SD 10). Brain MRI demonstrated mild white matter loss with enlarged lateral ventricles and mild prominence of the sulci. Brain spectroscopy was normal. A head CT confirmed suspected metopic synostosis. Surgical correction of synostosis resulted in less irritability, but did not affect development. An echocardiogram was notable for mild pulmonary artery stenosis, an aortopulmonary collateral vessel, and a small patent foramen ovale. Because of the differences in her development and phenotype from those of her mother and sister, who share the HHF1 diagnosis, additional genetic testing was obtained. Karyotype, microarray, FMR1 gene analysis, MECP2 sequencing, and MECP2 deletion/duplication testing were normal. She remained nonverbal, microcephalic, and globally delayed with repetitive motor behaviors and was diagnosed with autism. She began to walk at around 3 years of age. Through age 6, she continued to be a diagnostic enigma. Several, but not all, of these features have been reported in BOS (Table 1). At age 6, the proband and her parents were enrolled in an undiagnosed disease program at the Children’s Mercy Hospital in which trios undergo a research exome sequencing study. Briefly, DNA isolated from peripheral blood cells was enriched for all coding exons, UTR, and promoter regions in more than 20,000 characterized genes using the Illumina TruSeq exome enrichment kit and sequenced 2x101 base pairs on an Illumina HiSeq 2000 instrument (Additional file 1: Methods). Alignment and variant characterization were conducted as stated in the Supplement and previously described [19,20]. The patient’s exome was analysed as a trio (two healthy parents and one affected child) for potential mitochondrial [19], de novo dominant, and autosomal recessive causes of disease. Zero rare (defined as frequency of 1% or less in dbSNP v137 [21], the 1,000 Genomes Project [22] or CPGM internal variant database [19,20]), likely pathogenic mitochondrial variants were discovered. However, CMH00079 was found to be heterozygous for two apparent de novo mutations. A nonsynonymous de novo mutation in VAX1 (c.267C > G, p.Ile89Met) and a two base pair de novo deletion, c.1897_1898delCA (p.Gln633ValfsX13) in ASXL3, predicted to result in a frameshift at codon 633 with substitution of a valine for a glutamine and introduction of a premature stop codon 13 amino acids downstream were discovered (Additional file 1: Figure S1). The ASXL3 deletion was seen in 41 of 90 reads covering the region in CMH000079, but not observed in the mother, CMH000080, or father, CMH000081, despite adequate sequence coverage at that nucleotide (Additional file 1: Figure S1). Heterozygous de novo truncating variants in ASXL3 have recently been reported in 4 patients with a novel clinical phenotype similar to Bohring-Opitz syndrome, and are consistent with this patient’s clinical findings (Table 1, [23]). In addition, two, rare, nonsynonymous, compound heterozygous mutations were also discovered in LYST (c.597C > G; p.Asp199Glu & c.298C > T; p.Leu100Phe). After expert review the variants in VAX1 and LYST were deemed unlikely to be pathogenic as the patient did not fit clinical or genetic descriptions of syndromic Microphthalmia type 11 (OMIM, 604294), which is an autosomal recessive disorder with prominent microphtalmia (not seen in our patient) or Chediak-Higashi syndrome (OMIM, 606897), a primary immunodeficiency with partial albinism, leaving the de novo mutation in ASXL3 as the highest candidate disease causing mutation. Of note, analysis of ASXL1 revealed two non-pathogenic inherited variants and zero de novo mutations, ruling out Bohring-Optiz syndrome. The ASXL3 mutation was confirmed by capillary sequencing in a clinical lab prior to reporting to the family (Additional file 1: Figure S2). To better understand the rare, nonsynonymous variant burden and impact of mutations in the ASXL3 gene, we examined the number of variants of a frequency of less than 1% in the ASXL3 gene in the CPGM internal variant database [19,20]. This database collates every variant detected at the CPGM including the frequency of occurrence and associated clinical phenotypes. The database contains children with suspected rare genetic disorders as well as healthy unaffected family members. In the more than 1,300 exomes sequenced at the CPGM, the proband is the only patient with a heterozygous frameshift mutation in ASXL3, predicting a truncated gene product. However, there are 29 single nucleotide variants of with a frequency of less than 1 percent in our database (Additional file 1: Table S1). Characterization of these 29 rare variants revealed 19 that were predicted to deleterious by SIFT (Sorts Intolerant From Tolerant substitutions) [24] and 11 predicted to be probably or possibly damaging by PolyPhen2 (Polymorphism Phenotyping 2) [25]. Phenotypic evaluation of the samples with these rare, non-synonymous variants revealed no patients with developmental delay, microcephaly, or other craniofacial anomalies, suggesting that these variants are unlikely to be pathogenic in a heterozygous state. In this study we provide the second report and fifth patient with pathogenic mutations in ASXL3. Our case provides additional evidence that, indeed, truncating frameshift mutations in the ASXL3 gene are the cause of a newly recognized distinct disorder characterized by global developmental delay and craniofacial anomalies that shares significant clinical features with Bohring-Opitz syndrome. Our patient, CMH000076, exhibited multiple overlapping clinical features of BOS, most notably trigonocephaly, microcephaly, feeding difficulties, and severe learning difficulties (Table 1). Unlike the previously reported cases with ASXL3 mutations, our patient had trigonocephaly, thus, the lack of trigoncephaly may not be a useful in differentiating BOS from this newly recognized condition [23]. To date, none of the five patients described with ASXL3 mutations has displayed the typical BOS-posture, whereas 100 percent of the 30 described patients with ASXL1 mutations did [14], suggesting that this feature might be useful in discriminating between the two related conditions. The mutation in our patient was at amino coding position 633, which is closest to subject #3 reported by Bainbridge et al. [23] (659_660del). In contrast to subject #3, however, CMH000079 exhibited a severe phenotype with feeding difficulties, growth restriction and severe global developmental delay. Both the mutation described here and that of the previously described subject #3 occur in an evolutionarily conserved serine-rich motif found between residues ~600-800 [23]. The considerable clinical variability between our patient and that of subject #3 emphasize the need for additional studies of the complex phenotype-genotype associations in this disorder and the paralogous disorder BOS. The diagnosis of HHF1 due to mutation in ABCC8 in this patient likely contributed to her recurring hospitalizations and growth difficulties, and may have impacted her early development. Importantly, the ABCC8 variant (c. 2143G > A; p.Val115Met) was also identified by the whole exome sequencing. Labile maternal blood glucose during pregnancy was also considered in the early differential of her developmental delay. However, both the mother and sister of the proband share HHF1 diagnosis and have histories of severe hypoglycemia and with resultant episodes of altered mental status and seizures in early childhood; both have normal cognitive functioning and achieved normal growth parameters. To date, all reported potential pathogenic mutations in ASXL3 have been either frameshifting or truncating [23]. To further examine the variant burden in ASXL3 and the genotype-phenotype relationship, we utilized our clinical grade variant database with more than 1,300 exomes to evaluate rare variation (defined as present in less than 1% of samples) in the ASXL3 gene. Unlike what has been reported in other large-scale databases, our internal warehouse does not contain samples with truncating, nonsense mutations [23]; however we did uncover 29 rare, single nucleotide variants (SNVs) (Additional file 1: Table S1). ASXL3 is 6,747 nucleotides long and composed of 12 exons with the 3’ exons 11 and 12 being disproportionately large; comprising 1,957 and 3,708 nucleotides, respectively. The vast majority of the variants from our database were in exon 11, which included our de novo deletion or exon 12 (Additional file 1: Table S1). Interestingly, although our database contains 107 samples with neurodevelopmental disorders, none of the discovered rare variants were in any of these patients, suggesting that these variants are unlikely to be pathogenic in a heterozygous state and providing additional support that only frameshifting or truncating mutations in ASXL3 are pathogenic. However, additional functional studies to investigate the pathogenicity of ASXL3 variants are needed to completely conclude that SNVs are expected to be nonpathogenic. In summary, we describe the use of familial exome sequencing to discover a de novo framshift mutation in the ASXL3 gene in a patient with feeding difficulties, microcephaly, severe global developmental delay, and craniofacial anomalies. Furthermore, we provide additional evidence that heterozygous, frameshift, truncating mutations in ASXL3 are the cause of a newly recognized disorder [23]. In addition, we expand the knowledge about disease causing mutations and the genotype-phenotype relationships in ASXL3 and provide evidence that rare, nonsynonymous, and predicted damaging mutations are not associated with developmental delay or microcephaly, rather that pathogenic are likely to be either frameshifting or truncating.
Targeted resequencing in epileptic encephalopathies identifies de novo mutations in CHD2 and SYNGAP1. Epileptic encephalopathies are a devastating group of epilepsies with a poor prognosis, for which the majority have unknown etiology. We perform targeted massively parallel resequencing of 19 known and 46 candidate epileptic encephalopathy genes in 500 patients to identify novel genes and investigate the phenotypic spectrum of known genes. Overall, we identify pathogenic mutations in 10% of our cohort. Six of the 46 candidate genes had one or more pathogenic variants, collectively accounting for 3% of our cohort. We show that de novo CHD2 and SYNGAP1 mutations are novel causes of epileptic encephalopathies, accounting for 1.2% and 1% of cases respectively. We also further expand the phenotypic spectrum for SCN1A, SCN2A, and SCN8A mutations. To our knowledge, this is the largest cohort of patients with epileptic encephalopathies to undergo targeted resequencing. Implementation of this rapid and efficient method will change diagnosis and understanding of the molecular etiologies of these disorders. Epilepsy is one of the most common neurological disorders with a lifetime incidence of 3%. Epileptic encephalopathies are a devastating group of epilepsies characterized by refractory seizures and cognitive arrest or regression associated with ongoing epileptic activity, and typically carry a poor prognosis1. De novo mutations in several known genes are responsible for some epileptic encephalopathies2. Furthermore, we and others have shown that rare, de novo copy number variants (CNVs) account for up to ~8% of cases3, 4. Despite this recent progress, making a genetic diagnosis in a patient can be challenging as there is both genetic heterogeneity for a given epilepsy syndrome and phenotypic heterogeneity for a specific gene. The full phenotypic spectrum associated with mutations in known epileptic encephalopathy genes is not known. Very few studies have investigated the role of any given gene across a wide spectrum of epileptic encephalopathy syndromes. This makes serial gene testing in the clinical setting an inefficient and expensive process, after which the vast majority of cases remain unexplained. Furthermore, it is clear that discovery of additional genes that cause epileptic encephalopathies is needed to facilitate genetic diagnosis. Here, we take advantage of a high-throughput targeted sequencing approach to perform comprehensive sequence analysis of 65 genes (19 known genes and 46 candidate genes) in 500 patients with a range of epileptic encephalopathy phenotypes (Table 1). Candidate genes were selected from epilepsy-associated CNVs (n=33) or because mutations cause associated neurodevelopmental disorders or other epilepsy syndromes (n=13). Using this approach, we (i) identify novel epileptic encephalopathy genes and (ii) delineate the phenotypic spectrum and mutation frequency for both known and novel epileptic encephalopathy genes. Overall, 91% of the target (65 genes) was sequenced at >25X coverage, required for accurate variant calling. We achieved 91% sensitivity across 685 variants (161 loci) from 12 samples that had previously undergone exome sequencing and 100% sensitivity for 24 known variants in previously tested patients; these patients were not included in the discovery cohort. We detected one or more pathogenic or likely pathogenic mutations in six of our 46 candidate genes, with multiple individuals carrying mutations in either of the two novel epileptic encephalopathy genes, CHD2 (NM_001271.3, NP_001262.3) and SYNGAP1 (NM_006772.2, NP_006763.2). Remarkably, we detected six de novo variants in the candidate gene, CHD2 (Fig. 1,​,2),2), selected from within the critical interval of 15q26.1 deletions detected in patients with a range of epileptic encephalopathies. Four mutations lead to premature truncation of CHD2 (Table 2). Two de novo missense variants disrupt highly conserved residues within the SNF2-related helicase/ATPase domain (p.Trp548Arg and p.Leu823Pro), and are predicted to be damaging by both PolyPhen2 and SIFT. CHD2 codes for a member of the chromodomain helicase DNA-binding family of proteins and is characterized by the presence of chromatin remodeling, chromo (chromatin organization modifier) and SNF2-related helicase/ATPase domains. These domains suggest function of this protein as a chromatin remodeler7. While functional studies in CHD2 are limited, studies of another CHD protein family member, CHD7, have shown that the helicase domain is responsible for ATP-dependent nucleosome remodeling, an integral process in target gene regulation. Furthermore, in vivo studies of human CHD7 mutations within the helicase domain, which cause CHARGE syndrome, resulted in decreased remodeling ability8. These results suggest that the two de novo missense mutations described here may disrupt CHD2 function in a similar manner, while truncating mutations likely result in haploinsufficiency. The six patients with CHD2 mutations had distinctive features with a median seizure onset of 18 months (range 1–3 years, Table 2): myoclonic seizures in all, photosensitivity in three and all had ID, ranging from moderate to severe. A de novo CHD2 frameshift mutation was reported in a proband with ID and absence seizures9 and a de novo missense mutation in an individual with autism spectrum disorder (ASD)10. These results suggest that mutations in CHD2 contribute to a broad spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders. Notably, recent studies implicate de novo mutations in CHD8 in patients with ASD11. Interestingly, three genes of the chromodomain family (CHD2, CHD7, CHD8) have now been implicated in disorders that impact the neurodevelopmental system. Further studies of this nine-member gene family will determine the role of each across the spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders, and provide exciting new avenues of research. We identified nine pathogenic or likely pathogenic variants in four of the 13 ‘epilepsy-associated’ genes. We found five truncating variants in SYNGAP1. Patients with SYNGAP1 mutations had median seizure onset of 14 months (mean 14 months, range 6 months to 3 years) (Table 2). They had multiple seizure types, early developmental delay and subsequent regression. Outcome was poor with moderate to severe ID. SYNGAP1 mutations have been associated with ID and, although most patients have epilepsy, seizures are typically well controlled9, 12–18. Our study represents the first cases of epileptic encephalopathies with SYNGAP1 mutations. These observations suggest that epilepsy is a core feature of both static and progressive encephalopathies associated with SYNGAP1 mutations, and carry important implications for diagnostic testing. Variants were identified in three additional ‘epilepsy associated genes’. There were two de novo variants in MEF2C (NM_002397.4, NP_002388.2), a missense variant and a stop-loss variant (p.*464SerExt*?). Furthermore, we found de novo pathogenic variants in MBD5 (NM_018328.4, NP_060798.2) (Thr157Glnfs*4) and GABRG2 (NM_000816.3, NP_000807.2)(p.Arg323Gln) (Table 2). We detected a premature truncation mutation (p.Tyr805*) in the CNV candidate gene, HNRNPU (NM_031844.2, NP_114032.2). The p.Tyr805* change arose as a result of two consecutive single nucleotide changes c.471T>C and c.472A>T that occur two amino acids upstream of the termination codon. Neither variant was maternally inherited; paternal DNA was not available. A recent report identified HNRNPU as a candidate for the ID and seizure phenotypes of probands with 1q44 microdeletions19. In addition, a de novo splice-site variant was identified in a proband with a complex neurodevelopmental phenotype including epilepsy20. Collectively, these data suggest that haploinsufficiency of HNRNPU is associated with epileptic encephalopathy as well as ID, though further phenotype-genotype correlation will improve our understanding of the HNRNPU phenotypic spectrum. We identified 32 variants fulfilling our criteria for pathogenicity and an additional four variants that are likely pathogenic in ten of 19 known epileptic encephalopathy genes (Fig. 1, Table 1, Table 3). We identified multiple patients with mutations in STXBP1, CDKL5, SCN1A, SCN2A, PCDH19 and KCNQ2, accounting for 69% (36/52) of all mutation-positive individuals in our cohort. We detected an additional 16 rare variants in six of these 19 known genes for which we were unable to conduct segregation analysis; it is probable that a number of these variants are also pathogenic (Supplementary Table 1). The phenotypes identified in patients with mutations in known genes are provided (Table 3), and for some we expand the known phenotypic spectrum. For example, we identified a homozygous recessive missense mutation in PNKP in a single proband with unclassified epileptic encephalopathy. PNKP mutations are associated with early infantile epileptic encephalopathy comprising microcephaly, early-onset intractable seizures and developmental delay21. By contrast, our patient did not have microcephaly (head circumference 50th centile) or developmental delay but had normal cognition despite refractory epilepsy with multiple seizure types. Also, three patients with SCN1A mutations presented with an epilepsy-aphasia phenotype, of which two also had FS+. SCN1A mutations are well known to be associated with genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus (GEFS+) but have not previously been reported with epilepsy-aphasia syndromes22, 23. It is possible that the SCN1A mutation is not responsible for the epilepsy-aphasia syndrome but equally it could be a modifier predisposing the individual to this group of epileptic encephalopathies. Further work is warranted to clarify this association, perhaps most effectively with exome-sequencing in these patients. We detected five variants in SCN2A, which encodes the α2 subunit of the voltage gated sodium channel. To date, the majority of SCN2A mutations have been associated with the self-limited autosomal dominant syndrome of benign familial neonatal-infantile seizures (BFNIS)24. Previously, only three de novo variants have been reported in patients with epileptic encephalopathies25, 26. Interestingly our five cases show similar variability in the range of onset seen in BFNIS with three beginning in the neonatal period (11 hours to 2 days) and two in infancy (6 weeks, 13 months). Two had relatively early offset of seizures at 5 weeks and 7 months. The refractory nature of seizures did not correlate with intellectual outcome, which ranged from mild (2) to severe (3) intellectual disability. We conclude that SCN2A is an important contributor to the overall burden of epileptic encephalopathies, accounting for 1% of cases. We also identified a pathogenic missense mutation (p.Leu1290Val) in SCN8A. To date, only a single de novo SCN8A mutation (p.Asn1768Asp) has been described in a proband with severe epileptic encephalopathy and sudden unexplained death in epilepsy27. Here we describe a second patient presenting with an epileptic encephalopathy beginning at 18 months. Interestingly, this variant was paternally inherited, though the father was shown to have somatic mosaicism (13% mutant allele) supporting its pathogenic effect as seen in other genetic encephalopathies with parental mosaicism28. The findings in this large series of patients with hitherto unsolved epileptic encephalopathies allows us to begin to frame the overall genetic architecture of this group of disorders. We identified pathogenic or likely pathogenic mutations in 10% of our cohort, with mutations in 16 genes. However, this mutation rate is likely to be an underestimation of the true contribution of each gene to the overall burden of epileptic encephalopathies. Our cohort excluded patients with previously identified mutations, and we were unable to conduct segregation analysis for a subset of variants we identified, some of which are likely to be pathogenic. Furthermore, as larger numbers of patients with mutations of specific genes are identified, distinctive epileptic encephalopathy phenotypes are likely to emerge. Taken together, with up to 8% rare CNVs in epileptic encephalopathy patients in an earlier analysis of a subset of this series3, we can now collectively ascribe causality for ~18% of all epileptic encephalopathies of unknown cause. The genetic heterogeneity of epileptic encephalopathies is considerable; likely pathogenic variants were found in nine known or novel genes. Even the most commonly mutated genes in our study each account for only up to 1.6% of cases. Notably, we elucidate new genes found to be commonly mutated in epileptic encephalopathies, with CHD2, SYNGAP1 and SCN2A accounting for 1–1.2% of cases each, a frequency similar to that of mutations in SCN1A, STXBP1 and CDKL5 in our cohort. However, no mutations were seen in nine other known genes (ARX, FOXG1, KCNT1, MECP2, PLCB1, SLC25A22, SLC2A1, SPTAN1, ARHGEF9) in 500 patients. These results suggest that pathogenic mutations in these genes, while important, are rare causes of epileptic encephalopathies (<0.2% each in our cohort), or cause only very distinct syndromes that were not prevalent in our cohort. These findings support a clinical approach to genetic diagnosis that employs large gene panels or whole exome sequencing, as it will remain difficult and expensive to determine a priori the causative gene in a given patient. Notably, mutations in SYNGAP1 and CHD2 have now been described in probands with epileptic encephalopathy, ID and ASD phenotypes, highlighting the shared genetic basis of neurodevelopmental disorders. Unbiased approaches such as exome or whole genome sequencing provide an avenue to gene discovery, but large cohorts will be required to identify two or more patients with de novo mutations in the same gene9, 18. Our results show the power of targeted resequencing to screen large numbers of patients in a high-throughput and cost-effective manner. This approach is critical to identify additional patients with mutations in genes where a single de novo mutation is identified by exome sequencing approaches, to determine overall mutation frequency in a given phenotype, and to describe genotype-phenotype correlations. Applying this approach across various neurodevelopmental disorders will identify additional mutation positive patients for a specific gene and enhance our understanding of disease mechanisms. This study was approved by the Human Research Ethics Committees of Austin Health and the University of Washington. Probands with epileptic encephalopathies were recruited from the epilepsy clinic at Austin Health, the practices of the investigators and by referral for epilepsy genetics research from around Australia and internationally after informed consent. The cohort consisted of 500 patients with a diverse range of epileptic encephalopathy phenotypes. An epileptic encephalopathy was defined as refractory seizures and cognitive slowing or regression associated with frequent, ongoing epileptiform activity1. Detailed epilepsy and medical histories were obtained together with the results of investigations including EEG and MRI studies. Epilepsy syndromes were classified according to the Organization of the International League Against Epilepsy Commission on Classification1 (Table 1). Some patients had already undergone mutation screening for specific epileptic encephalopathy genes; none had been screened for all known genes. Patients with a previously identified disease causing mutation were excluded from this study. Some patients with known mutations were included as mutation positive controls but were not included in the 500 cases in the discovery cohort. Furthermore, 369/500 patients had been previously screened for pathogenic CNVs, either in the research setting (n=257)3, or by clinical testing (n=112). Probands with pathogenic CNVs were not included in this study. We selected 65 genes for sequence analysis. The “known” gene group included genes in which mutations are known to cause one or more epileptic encephalopathy syndromes (n=19)2, 21, 25, 27, 28, 32–34. We also selected two sets of candidate genes for epileptic encephalopathies. The first set includes 13 ‘epilepsy-associated genes’, more commonly implicated in patients with non-epileptic encephalopathy forms of epilepsy (CHRNA7, KCNQ3, GABRD, GABRG2, PRICKLE1, CACNB4, SCN1B) or a related neurodevelopmental disorder with epilepsy as a comorbid feature (GRIN2B, MBD5, MEF2C, SYNGAP1, SYN1, ATP1A2)35–39. None are an established cause of epileptic encephalopathies. We also selected 33 candidate genes, primarily from epilepsy-associated CNVs, either from published cohorts, case reports or unpublished data3, 4, 40 (see Supplementary Note and Supplementary Table 2 for candidate gene selection). Sixteen samples that had been previously subject to exome sequencing were included in all analyses and used to assess the sensitivity of variant calling. We also included 24 probands with a known variant in a known or candidate gene to further validate our approach. We used Molecular Inversion Probes (MIPs) to capture all exon and intron/exon boundaries (5bp flanking) of target genes (Refseq, hg19 build) (Supplementary Table 3). Detailed methodology is described elsewhere11. Briefly, pooled MIPs were used to capture target exons from 100ng of each proband’s DNA. PCR was performed using universal primers with the introduction of unique eight-base barcodes on the tagged reverse primer. Pooled libraries were subject to massively parallel sequencing using a 101 paired-end protocol on a Hiseq. The libraries were prepared and sequenced in two batches, comprising a total of 30 (target 1) and 35 (target 2) genes. Raw read data processing and mapping with BWA (See URLs) was performed as described11. Single nucleotide variant (SNV) and indel calling and filtering was performed using the Genome Analysis Tool Kit (GATK) (see URLs). Variants that did not adhere to the following criteria were excluded from further analysis: allele balance >0.70, QUAL<30, QD<5, coverage<25X, clustered variants (window size-10). Variants were annotated with Seattle seq (see URLS) and the ESP6500 dataset (see URLs) was used to assess variant frequency in the control population. For dominant (or de novo) models we considered only variants not present in this control sample set. For recessive candidates, we considered variants with a frequency in controls of <1%. Only non-synonymous, splice-site or frameshift (‘damaging’) variants were assessed further. The GATK Depth of Coverage tool was used to calculate overall depth of coverage for each sample at a threshold of 25X, as well as the mean percentage (across all samples) of bases covered >25X for each gene. Where family members were available, segregation analysis was carried out for all rare (not present in ESP6500 controls), possibly damaging (non-synonymous, essential splice-site or frameshift) variants for all 65 target genes. This analysis was performed using a ‘MIP-pick’ strategy. We selected and re-pooled only the MIPs that captured the genomic sequence harboring the rare variant of interest and performed target enrichment PCR and sequencing as above for all relevant probands and family members. This approach allowed us to sequence variants at very high depth and detect somatic mosaicism in parents. For those rare, possibly damaging variants where segregation analysis could be performed, we required the variant to meet one of the following criteria to constitute a novel pathogenic variant. Pathogenic variants: (i) arose de novo, (ii) segregated with the disorder, (iii) were inherited from a parent with somatic mosaicism, or (iv) adhered to a recessive, X-linked or parent-of-origin mode of inheritance, where applicable. In certain instances we were unable to determine the inheritance of a rare variant due to the unavailability of DNA from one or more parent. It is likely that a subset of these variants also cause disease, though here we report only those variants that are likely to lead to protein truncation (i.e. splice-site, nonsense, frameshift, stop-loss) as being ‘likely pathogenic’. Additionally, two missense mutations in known genes (STXBP1, SCN2A) were interpreted to be ‘likely pathogenic’ based on the high incidence of pathogenic missense mutations in these genes, which was further supported by the available parent not carrying the variant. We performed microsatellite analysis using the PowerPlex S5 system [Promega] in all parents of probands with a de novo mutation to confirm maternity and paternity.
A de novo nonsense mutation in ASXL3 shared by siblings with Bainbridge–Ropers syndrome. Two sisters (ages 16 yr and 15 yr) have been followed by our clinical genetics team for several years. Both girls have severe intellectual disability, hypotonia, seizures, and distinctive craniofacial features. The parents are healthy and have no other children. Oligo array, fragile X testing, and numerous single-gene tests were negative. All four family members underwent research exome sequencing, which revealed a heterozygous nonsense mutation in ASXL3 (p.R1036X) that segregated with disease. Exome data and independent Sanger sequencing confirmed that the variant is de novo, suggesting possible germline mosaicism in one parent. The p.R1036X variant has never been observed in healthy human populations and has been previously reported as a pathogenic mutation. Truncating de novo mutations in ASXL3 cause Bainbridge–Ropers syndrome (BRPS), a developmental disorder with similarities to Bohring–Opitz syndrome. Fewer than 30 BRPS patients have been described in the literature; to our knowledge, this is the first report of the disorder in two related individuals. Our findings lend further support to intellectual disability, absent speech, autistic traits, hypotonia, and distinctive facial appearance as common emerging features of Bainbridge–Ropers syndrome. Keywords: absent speech, aplasia/hypoplasia of the corpus callosum, autism, broad nasal tip, cleft of chin, clinodactyly of the 5th finger, downslanted palpebral fissures, generalized hirsutism, high forehead, high, narrow palate, hypertelorism, incisor macrodontia, intellectual disability, severe, prominent nasal bridge, recurrent hand flapping, severe global developmental delay, severe muscular hypotonia, short stature, thick eyebrow. Patient 1 is a 16-yr-old Caucasian female born at term after an uncomplicated pregnancy. Her 15-yr-old sister was born at 36 weeks’ gestation by emergency cesarean section due to fetal distress. Both sisters have severe intellectual disability, no language, autistic features, hypotonia, and a thin habitus. They share distinctive craniofacial features including a broad/prominent forehead, hypertelorism, downslanting palpebral fissures, prominent nasal root, thick eyebrows, hirsutism, cleft chin, and strikingly prominent upper central incisors (Table 1). They have a history of feeding difficulties, seizures, and developmental delay. The parents were unaffected, and there was no relevant family history. The proband underwent a series of genetic tests including oligo array, fragile X, MECP2, CDKL5, SLC9A6, and COH1, all of which were negative. The sibling also underwent genetic testing (ZEB2 and MECP2). Both sisters had metabolic studies. After these tests failed to provide a molecular diagnosis, the family underwent research exome sequencing in 2014. The proband, her affected sibling, and both parents underwent exome sequencing as follows. Exome capture was performed using Agilent SureSelect v5 reagents according to manufacturer protocols. Exome libraries underwent paired-end sequencing (2 × 100 bp) on an Illumina HiSeq 2500 instrument. We generated ∼6.2 Gbp of uniquely mapped reads per sample (Table 2). Reads were mapped to the GRCh37 reference sequence and secondary data analysis was performed using Churchill (Kelly et al. 2015), which implements the GATK “best practices” workflow for alignment, variant discovery and genotyping. Sequencing metrics are provided in Supplemental Table 1. Variants were called in all four samples simultaneously, yielding 612,356 variants of which 574,390 (506,121 single nucleotide variants and 68,269 indels) passed minimum quality filters (QUAL > 100). Family relatedness was confirmed using the KING algorithm (v2.0; see Supplemental Table 2; Manichaikul et al. 2010). SNPeff, ANNOVAR, and custom in-house scripts were used to annotate SNPs/indels with gene, transcript, function class, damaging scores, and population allele frequencies. Some 32,095 variants mapped to the exons or splice regions of known protein-coding genes. After removing common variants (MAF > 0.01 in the ExAC, ESP, or 1000 Genomes databases), we selected for further analysis all splice site, frameshift, and nonsense variants, as well as missense variants predicted to be damaging by SIFT (score < 0.05), PolyPhen (score > 0.453), GERP (score > 2.0), or CADD (Phred score > 15). We searched for variants consistent with recessive inheritance that were present in both patients, finding no compound-heterozygous variants but two homozygous recessive variants of uncertain significance (described in the Supplemental Text and Supplemental Table 3). We also searched for candidate de novo mutations and identified a candidate nonsense mutation at the same position in both patients. A heterozygous nonsense variant in ASXL3 (Table 3) was present in both sisters but absent from the parents. Manual review of the exome data verified the variant in both patients but showed no evidence of the alternate allele in either parent (Supplemental Fig. 1). The de novo status was independently confirmed by Sanger sequencing of all four individuals (Supplemental Fig. 2). The variant is predicted to cause a stop-gain at amino acid 1036 (NM_030632.1 c.3106C>T, p.R1036X), at ∼46% of its wild-type length (Fig. 1A). It has never been observed in 122,882 individuals in the gnomAD database, making it extremely rare in human populations. However, truncating mutations in ASXL3 were recently reported as the cause of Bainbridge–Ropers syndrome (BRPS, OMIM #615485), a disorder similar to Bohring–Opitz syndrome, which is caused by truncating mutations in ASXL1 (Bainbridge et al. 2013). The Human Gene Mutation Database (HGMD) contains 10 nonsense/frameshift ASXL3 variants (five nonsense variants and five frameshift indels) reported in patients with Bainbridge–Ropers syndrome or Bohring–Opitz-like syndrome (Fig. 1B). The ClinVar database contains 22 nonsense/frameshift variants (12 nonsense variants including p.R1036X, and 10 frameshift indels), all of which are reported as Pathogenic or Likely Pathogenic (Fig. 1C). Of note, many of the pathogenic mutations reported in ASXL1 in Bohring–Opitz syndrome also truncate ∼50% of the encoded protein (Fig. 1D). Constraint metrics from the ExAC database (Lek et al. 2016) likewise indicate that ASXL3 is extremely intolerant of loss-of-function (LoF) mutations (43.1 variants expected, 3 observed, pLI = 1.00; Fig. 1E). In summary, this de novo nonsense mutation is present in both affected individuals, absent from databases of population controls, and consistent with previously reported pathogenic mutations in ASXL3. We therefore conclude that it is pathogenic, and we provide a molecular diagnosis of Bainbridge–Ropers syndrome to the proband and her affected sibling. Bainbridge–Ropers syndrome (BRPS) was first described in 2013, when Bainbridge et al. reported de novo truncating mutations in four unrelated probands with feeding difficulties, failure to thrive, neurological abnormalities, and significant developmental delay. To date, fewer than 30 cases of BRPS have been described in the literature (Bainbridge et al. 2013; Dinwiddie et al. 2013; Srivastava et al. 2016; Balasubramanian et al. 2017; Kuechler et al. 2017). The report by Kuechler et al. includes a 4-yr old female with the p.R1036X mutation. She was not reported to have seizures (Supplemental Table 4), but she and both of our patients share the six most emerging hallmarks of BRPS: severe intellectual disability, poor/absent speech, autistic traits, distinct face, hypotonia, and significant feeding difficulties. We assess our patients for the clinical features highlighted by Balasubramanian et al. (2017) in Supplemental Table 5. We recently diagnosed a third (unrelated) child at our institution, suggesting that the prevalence of BRPS is likely to be higher than currently reported in the medical literature, and the diagnosis will be made more frequently as WES is incorporated more routinely into clinical practice. Indeed, the membership of a support group for BRPS families suggests that as many as 200 patients may have been diagnosed to date (M Bainbridge, pers. comm.). To our knowledge, this is the first report of BRPS caused by the same de novo mutation in two related individuals (siblings). Although it is theoretically possible that the same mutation arose independently in two different embryos, germline mosaicism in one of the parents seems a more likely explanation. The family declined further testing to confirm the origin of the mutation.
