引入两个Ontology,一个跟autism相关，一个不相关，看他们对word2vec(Autism)的提升
word2vec有时会输出多于NCBO的phenotype，找出原因
测试Ontology中class树关系在word2vec中的表现
word2vec中还有一些简单的规则要写(整个文本的输入，提取相似度阈值以上的表型等等)
1.improve gensim
2.Parse two ontologies:Ashma, dyslexia
3.evalution

输出要不要包含位置 还是没讲清楚
可不可以写一些简单规则，像是做个字典存表型
提取表型和同义词


我们加入了两个新的疾病的数据集来提升模型
还引用了rule based method 来得到所有表型
Just made a synonym and phenotype dictionary



1.
Different parameters of the word2vec model(window size, negative sample and so on)
2.
the improvement of word2vec using new ontologies that are close to autism
the improvement of word2vec using new ontologies that are not close to autism
3.
the relationship between phenotypes in the vector space
according to
the relationship between phenotypes in the ontology tree
Using cluster do some visualization


会收到邮件，关于gold standard
举例：asd - Autistic_behavior_HP, Atrial_septal_defect_HP
asd被匹配成了两个Phenotype,但其实在一些文章中，根据上下文，它只有一个意思，我们应该看它在test abstract中的意思，来测试（更好的Word embeddings）
不同的trainging dataset对Word2vec有影响， 我们应该看相同的词在不同数据集里面被分配成了什么词

论文可以开始写了 然后share to Ian

Problem: 同一个词的所有phenotype都被NCBO标注出来，我们的training dataset是基于这些pheotype,同一个词的不同phenotype的句子会有相同的数量，
所以很难根据上下文来寻找不同的word embedding
Unless we train our model using the better training set

构建training dataset 选择性看abtract如果关于autism，就只保留autism的Phenotype



Experiment:
1. Different parameters on one dataset(autism), evaluated by the gold standard, then pick the best parameters.
2. Applying the parameters to different dataset(autism, dysiexia, asthma and mixed), pick the best datasets.
 (In this step, we can look at the influence of different disease dataset on the autism dataset)
3. Evaluating the model using the dataset in 2 with ncbo, gold standard, and test ncbo on gold standard(make a comparison)
4. Compare vectors of phenotypes in the figure below: (These vectors are build by our dataset, by comparing the vectors
of them, we can find the relationship between this words in the dataset. We can compare the difference between this relationship
and the relationship in the figure.)
